142.1 • Tome of Life  142.2 • A Strong Foundation (65)

The Library is crowded as it always is: undecipherable as the rest. “Yes, it’s here! Taking a short breath to look around, 
Eddica has created a love of learning in The most incredible spell! I just need test you feel an odd sensation. It seems as if 
the populace. Teenagers have made the subjects.” She looks downright giddy. “It’s something is trying to draw out your anger 
Library a gathering place, and several men blood magic. I can’t wait to try it!” and rage, but you quickly shake it off. It 
and women have taken a particular liking may, however, be the reason why these 
to the company of the attractive resident She absentmindedly brushes the dust off other creatures were drawn here.
librarian. She shoos the assembled crowd her skirt while scanning her finger down 
out as you arrive with the tome you found the page. “I’ll need two volunteers—one 
in-hand: “Sorry, all. Business to take of you will get stronger, and the other Section Links
care of, we’ll need to resume our book weaker. Conservation of vitality and all.” When either door 2 is opened, read 
discussions later today.” Several teens 89.1.
shoot you dirty looks as they make their 
way toward the door. Section Links

If you offer two party members for the 
Eddica politely waits for them to shuffle experiment, select two party members 
out, then locks the door behind them and read 162.5 now.
with surprising speed. She turns to you, 
clapping her hands with excitement onto If you ask Eddica to join the spell 
the moss-bound tome. “You found it!” She as a subject as well, select one party 
flips through with a speed unbefitting a member and read 81.4 now.
volume in such worn condition, finally 
stopping on a page that appears as 2

 142.3 • Into the Black (102)
1

Conclusion The old Orchid crosses her legs and sits 
You feel the world stretch to impossible beside her old Savvas companion. She 
heights, and with a snap of clarity you’re looks up at the Harrower. “Zu, would you 
sitting back in the cave with Gem and Zu. care to sit with me for a while?”
Mental travel is exhausting. 2

The Harrower shifts protectively beside 
Gem retracts her fingertip from Bartlet’s her. “It turnsss out we havveee no otherrr 
head. “You did well. I can feel Barlet plansss.”
shifting… there is a peace there that did 
not exist before. Thank you. It’s good to 
see mercenaries bettering the world— Rewards
don’t ever let anyone convince you that Gain 20  each.
you aren’t enough.”

 142.4 • Random Scenario

You find an ornate letter sealed in wax. The Since you are of quality (unlike most of alone—when the winds howl and the winter 
stamp is a royal crest you don’t recognize. the other rabble I’ve seen in these blasted sun drags in the sky in the bleakest way.  
Upon breaking the seal and opening the lands), I extend a warm, open invitation We shall share a toast and the warmth of a 
letter, you find exquisite calligraphy and to join me and my court for a Midwinter roaring fire.
decorative touches flaked in gold dust. It Ball. I’m sure you’ve heard of my soirées! 
appears to be an invitation of some sort: I can assure you that it will be just as -His Grace, Emperor Ventillion

unforgettable as the rumors grace them to 
My esteemed friends, be. There will be dancing, merriment, and 

excitement unparalleled. Rewards
This letter has found its way to you, and New Scenario: 
by that alone I know that you are fated for I’ve enclosed a map to my estate that I My Private Empire 107
grand things! trust you will hold in confidence. Come—

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
142



 143.1 • Flotsam (73)

You scan the debris field for signs of the 
block of ice. Could it have shattered or 
melted? Or was it taken by the Abaeli? 
These questions are soon pushed to 
the back of your mind when you see 2
the crumpled form of Lihrey sprawled 33
motionless inside the jolly boat. Hopefully 
he’s still alive. 2 A

2
Special Rules
Open all doors 2. 2

Section Links 2
The first time any character ends their 
turn while occupying A, read  

134.3 at the start of the next round.

 143.2 • Library Built  143.3 • Sacred Soil (69)

You’re not even halfway through sorting “I’m not going to spend my time up here The trees give way to a clearing where 
the books when Eddica returns. working on some nonsense busywork—as light spills down onto a crystal-clear 

though I should sit around writing the pool fed by a babbling spring. This brief 
“What are you doing!?” She grabs a book complete history of Frosthaven?! Please, break in the trees attracts all manner of 
on Vermling Psychology out of your hands. this town was a sleepy fishing village until woodland creatures who drink from the 
“The spines face out, so you can read them! a few years ago. It’d barely fill a napkin!” pool and graze on the lush foliage that 
And this,” she grabs an object off the shelf, It’s clear this is an argument she’s had in grows around it. Unfortunately, some 
brandishing it angrily inches from your the past, and her hands are balled up in woodland creatures are unfriendly.
face, “This is a block of wood! This could the memory of it. After a moment, she 
someday be a book, but it certainly isn’t remembers you’re standing in front of her. 
yet! Where did you even find this?!” She gives a terse smile, then takes a deep 

breath before continuing.
She stops, gathering herself with a deep E E
breath. She straightens her skirt and starts “My research suggests the Tome of Life is 
again, more calm: “Alright... Master Scrim in this region—it’s the whole reason I’m 
would want me to spread knowledge, not up here at all. If you do happen upon it and 
animosity. So how about we make a deal?” bring it back to me I’ll make sure you’re 
She smiles mischievously. rewarded. And just for keeping an eye out, 

I’ll provide a world-class education as only 
“I teach you about all the library has to a resident librarian can offer. Sound fair?”
offer, and you collect a few, uh, items 
from the field for me.” She averts her gaze, 
unsure how to continue. “They’re just a Rewards
few tomes that I’d like you to retrieve.” You Add event WR-45 to the winter 
look at her blankly and she rolls her eyes. road deck and event SR-47 to the 
“Books. Tomes are old books.” You nod. summer road deck.

“Somewhere out there are books of 
incredible power: The Tome of Life, Section Links
the Tome of Conflict, the Tome of the Add 152.3 to the calendar in two 
Elements, and the Tome of Time. I want weeks.
you to collect them for me. “ The young C C
Valrath pushes her red-rimmed glasses up 
the bridge of her nose. 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
143



 144.1 • The Dead Mile (37)  144.2 • Satha Inquiry

Special Rules You visit Mayor Satha at her cabin, where 
Remove everything on tile 7-H from the At the start of each round, instead of she’s shocked to hear your report.
map, except door 2, connect it to the spawning Living Bones, now spawn one 
right of tile 7-F, and set it up as shown. Ruined Machine at door 1. It is normal “Tarro was a friend. The nights are cold 
If any character or character summon for two characters, elite each second in Frosthaven and it may have crossed 
is removed in this way, place them, in spawning for three characters, or elite into more than that once or twice, though 
initiative order, in unoccupied hexes for four characters. we never shared a horn if that’s what 
closest to door 2. you’re asking. I actually visited him the 

Each A is an escape hex. afternoon of the fire.” She slumps down in 
an oversized chair, clearly upset.

“He had a gambling problem, sure. But he 
was doing pretty well—he was showing 
off a new gold Oak Charm he’d won 

A in a recent game against some guards. 
Come to think of it, I think I saw a few 

3 A guards leaving his place as I arrived that 
afternoon. Probably the most useless 

A guards on the force, really: they call 
themselves ‘The Mighty Three.’ As I 
understand it, the fire didn’t start until 
hours later so I thought nothing of it.” 
Satha rubs her chin, lost in thought.

“I’d assumed it was just an unfortunate 
 144.3 • Lumber Depot Built accident. But if it was murder…” She trails 

off. “Perhaps it would be a good idea to ask 
Mayor Satha is wrapping up a tour of the She points out racks of sturdy lumber Captain Olmstead about their whereabouts. 
new lumber depot for you and some VIPs drying under a canopy. “There are groves In any case, I’d prefer not to be offered up 
from around Frosthaven. Tree trunks are of old-growth willowburn nearby—we’ve as sacrifice for a crime I didn’t commit—
being noisily shaved of their branches and even found patches of elkwood that will I’ll start getting the town guard ready in 
prepped for the long trip south as she shouts fetch high prices down south. This is case you can’t find the killer.”
above the whirling din of saw blades. the beginning of Frosthaven making an 

economic name for itself!”
“It wasn’t that long ago that this outpost Section Links
was entirely reliant on the patronage of If you visit the Mighty Three to ask 
our benefactors from afar.” She sweeps her Rewards what they were doing at Tarro’s cabin 
arm across the scene behind her. “With Add events SR-39 and SR-44 to the that afternoon, read 113.2 now.
the new lumber depot, our wood exports summer road deck.
nearly cover our operational expenses— If you ask Captain Olmstead about the 
we’re just a few upgrades away from being Mighty Three, read 117.1 now.
a totally self-sufficient enterprise!”

 144.4 • Elemental Cores (66)

As you enter the portal, you are greeted 
by strong gales, almost powerful enough 
to cut skin. The wind throws dust in your 
eyes, making it hard to see. Still, you 
venture forward, toward the awaiting 
Wind Demons and your goal.

Goal

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
144



 145.1 • The Eternal Crave (122)  145.2 • Hall of Revelry Built

This is it! You see a growth of mammoth are bound to find a few dried out pieces of You peer into the depths of the stone bowl 
bark on the other side of the cavern. You it to collect. at the far end of the Hall. Steam wafts off 

the surface of the liquid, obscuring the 
contents. You’re nearly ready to give up 

Special Rules when it cracks through your mind like an 
The goal treasure tile represents the Spawn the following monsters at the electric jolt—you understand your trial. Or 
mammoth bark.  listed locations based on character count: at least, you understand that you must do 

your trial. The why, the how… it doesn’t 
Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters seem to make much sense.

C: One normal  C: One normal  C: Three normal 
Polar Bear. Polar Bear. Polar Bears. Special Rules
D: Three normal  D: Three elite  D: One elite Snow Imp. Open the trials deck now. Do not 
Snow Imps Snow Imps. shuffle it. Each player draws one trial 

and reads it secretly.

5 Section Links Once read by a player, a trial cannot 
When the mammoth bark is looted, be returned to the deck and must 
read 109.3. be completed by that player. Some 

trials may take several scenarios to 
complete, and should be kept secret 

Goal by the player until completed. If and 
when a trial is completed by a player, 
that player may reveal the trial to 
other players for the first time, then 
remove it from the game and draw a 
new trial off the top of the trials deck.

Rewards
Add event SR-51 to the summer 
road deck and event WR-40 to the 
winter road deck.

31

 145.3 • Collapsing Vent (98)

Special Rules Section Links
When the character who opened door When door 3 is opened, read  
2 exits their hex, tile 7-H begins to 131.3. 3
collapse. At the end of each round after 
this happens, all figures occupying tile 
7-H or door 2 suffer  10. 

35

2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

145



 146.1 • Artificer Recovered  146.2 • Frozen Treasure (90)  146.3 • A Contained Fire (89)

You enter Lihrey’s cabin, and are happy to Conclusion You reach the den of the much-maligned 
find him out of bed and walking around. You smile and shake your head. The Icespeaker, Vanjal. He looks formidable, 

Vermling didn’t do any of the work, so she but nothing too special to your eyes. Your 
“Ugh, I’m not as young as I used to be,” he doesn’t deserve any of the loot. What’s she newest companion had good reason to 
says. “That shipwreck was very nearly the going to do anyway? be livid. The room is positively stuffed 
end for me, but you lot didn’t give up on with food and valuables. You smile as 
me. Thank you.” And that’s when you realize you can no you lift your weapon. This beating is well 

longer move. It feels as though sharp little deserved.
You look at him expectantly, hardly claws have hooked themselves into your 
containing your curiosity. “Ah, so that’s brain. You realize, too late, that you’re 
why you’ve made this little visit,” he dealing with a Mindthief. Special Rules
smiles. “Makes sense. While recovering, I The Icespeaker is Vanjal. He has 
was able to do some research—not much Rattusca slowly walks toward you and HxC hit points and is immune to all 
else to do after all—and I believe I’ve puts her hand in your bag. “I’m afraid you conditions except those Faye applies.
pinpointed the location of the third scale don’t have a choice, you big dummies.” 
fragment. It’s in the hands of an older She’s got hold of one of the bracelets when From now on, on initiative 11 each 
clan of Algox, who reportedly sense its the ship lurches and you all fall to the round, Faye focuses on Vanjal and 
powerful energy and treat it as a holy relic. deck. While distracted with the Vermling, performs  3;  3+L, . Whenever 
Here, let me draw you a map...” a massive storm rolled up right on top of she performs this attack, on initiative 

your small ship. 99 the following round, she instead 
performs  2, self, before acting on 

Rewards “Batten down the hatches!” The captain initiative 11 again the following round.
New Scenario: Gaps in the Road 74 yells. “By the Oak, this is going to be a 

terrible storm!” Faye’s maximum hit point value is 
still 8+(3xL).

You regain bits of your motor function 
right as you are about to slide overboard. 

 146.4 • Random Scenario Rattusca is nowhere to be found, but 
you’ve got bigger problems anyway. The 

As you look down, you hear a tiny storm is tossing this ship around like 
squeak. Well, isn’t this wolf cub just a a plaything, and your head is ringing 42
little treasure? Its tail thumps happily fiercely.
as you reach down to pick it up, and 
it lunges to lick your face. The tiny, 
adorable pup is too young to survive on Rewards 3
its own, and you decide to take it back to Lose 5 collective gold.  
Frosthaven with you. All characters start the next 

scenario with  and . 
 

Rewards New Scenario: 
New Scenario: Raised by Wolves 112 Shoreline Scramble 91  

 146.5 • Lush Grotto (113)

Section Links
When door 5 is opened, read 112.1. 
When door 6 is opened, read 183.2. 6

5

Goal

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
146



 147.1 • Inside the Swarm (100)  147.2 • Ice Cave (111)  147.3 • Under the Influence (120)

Conclusion With some hesitation, you pick up the Conclusion
With the last figment downed, the walls mirror. It must have some power still The machine is destroyed. After the 
coalesce into crisp focus. Your mind snaps within it, so there’s no point leaving it roiling smoke dissipates, you search for 
back to your real body with a crackle that behind. When you look into it, however, evidence of where the Mindthief has 
leaves the lingering feeling of ash at the your whole world shifts. You see your gone, but she has only left behind the sad 
back of your throat. Every breath you reflection staring back at you, but you are remains of her experiment: the shattered 
inhale reeks of overwhelming citrus, your also the reflection, staring from the other contraptions, numerous befuddled 
brain still unsure which senses mean what. side back at someone who is and isn’t you. or deceased guards, and a handful of 

Vermlings caught up in her ambition.
Gem opens the wooden box and dumps You are... yep, you are in two places 
in a satchel of stale-looking ants, which at once. Your mind is simultaneously This isn’t over. The Mindthief might 
combine with the existing bugs in a processing being on both sides of the return to execute the remainder of her 
swirling mass and pour out onto the floor. mirror wall, and it is giving you a plan. Feeling like you’ve failed Captain 
The old Orchid looks delighted at the sight. massive headache. No wonder that Savvas Olmstead, you return to Frosthaven to 
“Zu! My sweet Zu, I could not be happier was grumpy. At least with it dead, the give him your report. With one eye on his 
to see you! Here, I have a cloak for you.” Shimmer’s power over this place is gone, subdued guards, who are carrying back the 

and a new way forward emerges. bodies of their fellows, he gravely listens to 
The mass of Harrower responds in halted, your tale of the Mindthief and her escape.
startled words: “What? No! How could 
thissss bee? Gemmm… it was a life Special Rules “She needs to be brought to justice,” he 
sentence.” Both doors 2 are now unlocked. grunts. “I have an old friend. Someone 

Remove the other goal treasure tile. who may help find her.”
“Sure, and it lasted all the guards’ lives 
and then some,” Gem retorts. “But you and For the rest of the scenario, the The old friend is a Valrath named Kefra. 
I, we live longer than this lot. Do you want character who looted the goal treasure Once a renowned cartographer, she now 
the cloak or not?” tile gains disadvantage on all their uses her impeccable eye for detail to hire 

attacks and exists on both sides of herself out as a tracker. “Got ourselves 
“We have yet to pay my penanccce.” Zu the map. Place one numbered token a rogue Vermling, eh?” She cracks her 
drags out the last word, a hint of sorrow in their corresponding hex. If there is fingers in anticipation. “Vermlings are like 
in their voice. Gem puts her hands on her a figure or obstacle in this hex, move any other beast, leaving wreckage in their 
hips. that figure or obstacle to the nearest wake. Wreckage which can be traced. I’ll 

empty hex. The numbered token find her.”
“Enough moping. What we did is done, but represents their other figure.
I need your help to find Bartlet. You owe You’re not sure this Vermling is that 
that much to the poor Savvas.” Both character figures are treated as simple. But there’s nothing to do now 

the character, share hit points and all except wait.
The Harrower bows their head, defeated. conditions, and perform all abilities 
“Give us the cloak.” like the Shimmer did. They also ignore 

occupancy effects like the Shimmer did. Rewards
Gain 1 morale and 2 collective .

Rewards
Gain 5 gold each and 10  each. Section Links

When either door 2 is opened, Section Links
New Scenario:  read 138.2. Return to 182.2 to Add 76.3 to the calendar in ten 
Harrower Library 101 reference its special rules, if necessary. weeks.

 147.4 • Tower of Knowledge (134)  147.5 • Infiltrating the Lair (75)

Conclusion Rewards

B With all other threats eliminated, only Gain 10 gold each.
the Fish King, on the other side of the  
darkness, is left. The entire castle rumbles, New Scenario: 
as if something massive beneath your Fish King’s Ascension 77  
feet stirs. There is no time left. You step 

2 forward with resolve.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
147



 148.1 • The Savvas Seal (63)  148.2 •  Retires

Special Rules “Something’s, um, going on with your 
From now on, in addition to all spawned At the start of each listed round, spawn robot.” One of the guards has come to your 
and summoned monsters gaining , all the following monsters at the listed longhouse, because you are needed by the 
monsters gain disadvantage on all their locations based on character count: well. When you arrive, you find the HIVE 
attacks. in quite a strange state. All of its many 

separate robotic parts are shifting and 
Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters crawling around each other, attempting 

to form a cohesive whole, but apparently 
9 D: One normal D: One normal  D: One elite  failing. Its head, which houses the array 

Earth Demon.  Earth Demon.  Earth Demon.  that aggregates the processing power of the 
E: One normal E: One elite  E: One elite  other units, is blabbering semi-incoherently. 
Flame Demon. Flame Demon. Flame Demon.  

 After spending some time with it, as best 
10 D:  One normal D:  One elite  D:  One elite  as you can gather, its unique structure 

Wind Demon. Wind Demon. Wind Demon. of decentralized processing has caused 
E: One normal E: One normal E: One elite a glitch wherein the processing of the 
Frost Demon. Frost Demon. Frost Demon. various disparate parts has become too 

decentralized. The parts no longer want 
to work in unison, and the head is doing 

Section Links its best to keep them together, but it is a 
At the end of the tenth round, read  losing battle. Eventually, it accepts that it 

122.5. just has to give up, and tumbles down into 
a chaotic heap. 
 
And then they start walking, crawling, and 
hopping away in every direction, causing 

 148.3 • Temple of Feline Power (132) all the townsfolk who had gathered to 
watch the ruckus to run away in terror. 

Conclusion “Thank you for retrieving my idol, friends. You try to herd them back together, but 
As you leap through the doors, the Now hand it over”. You recoil at the there are just too many of them, and they 
chamber where you once stood collapses preposterous request, but still, you find have no interest in returning to their 
with a low rumble, throwing up an yourself walking over to Mulbrynn, idol previous form. In a matter of minutes, they 
enormous cloud of dust and smoke. When outstretched, unable to resist... have scattered to the four winds; even the 
the haze clears, you see that the darkness head is nowhere to be found.
swirling around the idol has cleared too. 
It is now gleaming and perfect, emanating Rewards
power. From the shadows walks a Gain 1 inspiration. Rewards
grinning figure wearing a dirty cloak,  Add event WR-48 to the winter 
applauding your efforts. New Scenario: Bolt 133  road deck.

 148.4 • Depths of Delirium (27)  148.5 • How to Lay an Ambush (129)

You’re making some headway against the 
Algox when the rear guard of the caravan 3
comes into view. This should be the last of 
them.

24 Special Rules
Open door 3.

4 Section Links
Return to 154.2 to reference its 
special rules, if necessary.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
148



 149.1 • Nerve Center (44)  149.2 • Barno’s Room

You rush into the barracks and turn over 
Barno’s room looking for evidence. You 
find a wooden box under his bed that 
appears to hold just his hairbrush, but 
a hidden bottom panel reveals a deck 
of cards with too many kings. There is 
not much else. You push past him in the 
doorway to head back to Tarro’s burned-
out cabin and meet with the demon before 
sundown.

Section Links
2 Read 88.2 now.

 149.3 • To Bury the Dead (95)  149.4 • My Private Empire (107)

The moon tussles with the passing clouds she materializes. It pains you, and before A previously locked door at the right 
overhead, its beams of light sporadically your thoughts can return to the task at end of the ballroom opens on its own, 
illuminating your way through the dark. hand, she is off for the outpost once more, beckoning you forward once more. This 
Naturally, though, just when the resting shrieking into the night air with all that is chamber feels less welcoming than the 
place for this coffin comes into view, your left of her essence. rest. It’s noticeably colder, and a stone 
progress is again slowed by the ghost of sarcophagus looms against the opposite 
Camilla. wall. There is yet another bell.

Special Rules
Words cannot encapsulate the jumbled Open door 2.
mess of emotions and sounds she emits as Special Rules

Spawn one elite Living Spirit adjacent Open door 3.
to sarcophagus A at the empty hex 
closest to a starting hex. This again is 
the Reluctant Ghost. It has (HxC)/2 Section Links
hit points (rounded up) and a base The first time any character enters D, 
move value of 3 now. It focuses on read 116.1

B moving toward and occupying the 
closest starting hex, then finds a focus 

B as normal and performs any other 
abilities as if it had no movement. 
If the Reluctant Ghost enters any 

2 starting hex, the scenario is lost.

 149.5 • Artificer Recovered 3 D

Lihrey, the Valrath artificer, bursts into ship to get there. Please, I implore you to 
your longhouse with a big grin on his assist me in securing it. We can’t let the 
face. He seems much recovered since the Abaeli seize this power for themselves.”
incident at the docks.

“I’ve discovered the location of the Rewards
second piece of the Leviathan scale!” He New Scenario: 
exclaims. “It’s quite a ways away in an old A Giant Block of Ice 72
ruin along the coast, but we can use my 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
149



 150.1 • Jeweler Inquiry  150.2 • A Grand View (94)

On a hunch, you stop by the jeweler. The Pounding on enough keys of the central Special Rules
proprietor is more than willing to talk in console finally does the trick, opening Open both doors 1. Doors 2 and 3 
the hopes they can make a sale. up the doors to the back room. Inside, are now unlocked.

you find a bunch of shivering, half-dead 
“Oh yes, someone did come by right Vermlings in crude cages. But no Camilla. All Vermling Scouts are allies to 
around 6:45. Tall, bald fellow—looking Perhaps she is in a side room, but for now, you and enemies to all other monster 
to sell an Oak Charm. Looked a bit worn, you are resolved to get these Vermlings types. Place one numbered token on 
honestly, so I refused to buy it. Is there out of here. each Vermling Scout. These represent 
something I could interest you in, while cages. Caged Vermling Scouts do not 
you’re here? I have some excellent baubles act and cannot be interacted with in 
that would look perfect on you…” any way.

Where will you go now? Whenever any character ends their 
turn adjacent to any caged Vermling 

1 Scout, they may free one of them by 
Section Links removing the their numbered token. 
If you search Allya’s room at the Whenever any Vermling Scout is 
barracks, read 179.3 now. freed, it can then be interacted with 

as normal and acts as if spawned. 
If you search Barno’s room at the Instead of drawing ability cards, on 
barracks, read 149.2 now. initiative 99 each round, all freed 

Vermling Scouts perform  3, 
If you search Cecil’s room at the controlled by you.
barracks, read 166.1 now. 1
If you know who the killer is and don’t 
need any additional investigation, read 

88.2 now.

 150.3 • My Private Empire (107)  150.4 • How to Lay an Ambush (129)

The previously locked door in front of you 2 Conclusion
opens under its own power, beckoning Pools of warm blood slowly melt the snow 
you forward into a long hallway furnished as you scramble to pack away the sun 
with expensive-looking, thick, velvet agates. For ease of travel and protection 
curtains on each side, leading to a door at for the gems, Derrick provided you with 
the other end. Another bell hangs in the insulated containers to store them in on 
center of the room. the journey back to Frosthaven. There are 

bodies everywhere, and admittedly, you’re 
a bit on edge for fear more might arrive at 

Special Rules any moment.
Open door 1. Door 2 is locked.

B Many of the mercenaries are badly 
injured, so you put the healthier ones 

Section Links in charge of getting the rest back to the 
The first time any character enters B, outpost and then set off on your own, 
read 95.2. laden down with gems.

Rewards
Gain 1  each. Note the amount 
of remaining sun agates. 
 
New Scenario:

1 And Then, a Stream 130  
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

150



 151.1 • The Eternal Crave (122)  151.2 • Inn Built 

Just when you think you’re winning the Section Links Once the inn is complete, you can’t 
fight, the Maw shakes itself off, thumps Return to 98.1 to reference its believe what a difference it makes to 
the ground with its feet to knock you special rules, if necessary. Frosthaven. Having a warm location in 
back, and then raises its head, letting out which to rest and gossip will invite people 
a resounding, echoing howl. You can hear with diverse backgrounds and abilities. 
distant answers from far behind you. More Their presence will bring in much-needed 
monsters are coming to join the fight. 2 labor, promoting the production of other 

buildings and spurring the exchange of 
ideas and invention. Frosthaven no longer 

Special Rules feels like such a remote outpost.
Open door 2.

The inn is a sturdy timber longhouse, its 
The Hungry Maw performs  LxC, evergreen-fresh scent pervading the lobby. 
self and loses all negative conditions. The proprietor is a gregarious Quatryl who 
It is immune to damage until all helped design the building, insisting on 
revealed Snow Imps are dead. the nail-less joints and the carving of the 

mountain range over the fireplace. “You 
know you’ll always have a room here,” 
she greets you warmly, her long fingers 
handing over a key with a numbered plate. 
“Especially if you bring in plenty of lively 
tales to share with my patrons!”

Rewards
Add event WO-71 to the winter 

31 outpost deck and event SO-55 to 
the summer outpost deck.

 151.3 • Job Posting  151.4 • Gaps in the Road (74)

You’re polishing off a round of ale before exchanging concerned glances: did she die Kicking in the door, you realize to your 
bed when the door opens with a light at the table? dismay that you are too late. The altar 
creak. With near-imperceptible slowness has been destroyed, the scale fragment is 
enters the oldest orchid you’ve ever seen; ”The matter, of course, touches the very missing, and the guardians are slain. All 
were it not for the lumbering walk you’d core of a group like you.” The ponderous that remains is a school of piranha pigs, 
take her too-large crystals to be a fallen crystals obscuring her mouth twist and chewing on Algox bones, and they are 
chandelier, not a sentient being. rattle against each other. Is she… smiling? none too happy to see you.

By the time she’s made her way over to ”But we will get to that, I understand the 
your table your party is in the midst of protocol. I may be old, but I imagine my 
exchanging goodnight wishes. She settles gold is still good?” She shifts and her slow 
into an open chair with a rattling thump. hand drops a sack of gold on the table. It’s 

clear these are not typical coinage: despite 
”My, what fortuitous provenance! Just their excellent condition they’re of an 
the merry band I was hoping to see.” She antiquated design. Gold is gold, though.
speaks slowly and deliberately, a light hint 
of an accent you can’t place dotting her She takes the look on your faces as 
speech. “I’ve been told you are the choice sufficient. “Wonderful! I look forward to 
for matters outside the typical. And my, our adventure!”
this matter is far from typical.”

She pauses for dramatic effect, but her Rewards
timetable is skewed much too far. By the New Scenario: Prison Break 99 3
time she resumes speaking your party is 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
151



 152.1 • The Eternal Crave (122)  152.2 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

You leave behind the dryness of the Maw’s Section Links Eros, the Savvas playwright, moves from 
dwelling, searching for the mammoth When door 3 is opened, read 179.2. the corner of The Crater to pull up a chair 
bark. You descend into a dark and icy cave When door 4 is opened, read 172.1. next to you and begins jotting down 
below the hall above. At the edge of your notes. “Don’t mind me, gentlefolk,” it 
torches, you can see two paths: a long and says, flipping back its long scarf to avoid 
treacherous path through a patch of ice soaking it in ale.
frozen so clear, it could be a mirror; or a 
shortcut through a darker part of the cave, Narb takes a swig of your mug and 
where the only things you can make out in 2 picks up the tale, “I let out a war cry so 
the shadows are silhouettes of giant polar terrifying, it shook the enemy to the core!” 
bears. F He flicks his long hair back, reenacting the 

moment, “RAHHH!!!”

Special Rules
Door 1 is now locked. Special Rules

Immediately kill any C enemies with 
the lowest current hit point values. 
This does not contribute toward 
embellishments.

All characters gain , and the two 
characters with the highest and 

E 3 lowest current hit point values switch 
those values with each other, neither 
exceeding their maximum.

Section Links
At the start of the fourth round, read 

4 176.3.

 152.3 • Library Lesson  152.4 • Sinking Ship (92)

Eddica, the resident librarian, wraps up the Conclusion GAINS, ILL-GOTTEN OR LAWFULLY 
last of her weekly lessons. “And that’s why You throw the last bits of loot into ACQUIRED.”
a week is just ten days long.” She checks Doghogger’s waiting arms right as the 
off the final item on a long checklist, then deck tips over. You nearly lose your “A loud crewmember,” grumbles 
sets her red-rimmed glasses down on the footing, holding onto the railings of your Doghogger as he sets a course for home.
table beside her. “Well, that settles my end ship as you watch the stricken vessel 
of the bargain. If there’s more to learn in slowly disappear beneath the waves, the 
this world, it certainly won’t be from me.” silhouettes of multiple trapped Lurkers Rewards

encircling the doomed hull. Collectively lose 5xC/2 loot tokens 
She stands from behind her desk, (rounded down), first taken from 
straightening her skirt. “So that leaves “That was close,” sighs Doghogger HE-RO-IC-S’ pile, then taken as 
your part. It’s time you find those books as he lays out a rope for you to climb. evenly as possible from the characters’ 
of power—” she stops herself, wagging a “Lucrative... but close. I also see you’ve collected loot tokens. If any loot tokens 
finger, “—no, those tomes of power, and signed up a new crewmember.” remain in the HE-RO-IC-S pile, 
help me get on with my research.” distribute them as evenly as possible 

“HE-RO-IC-S IS PROGRAMMED TO to all characters. Loot tokens are 
BE A VALUABLE AND PRODUCTIVE then traded in for loot cards.

Rewards MEMBER OF SOCIETY,” chirps the 
Add event SO-58 to the summer automaton, whirring dangerously close 
outpost deck. to Doghogger’s beard. “I FLY SLASH Section Links

HOVER SLASH STAND READY Add 181.2 to the calendar in one 
TO RETRIEVE TREASURE, LOOT, week.
PLUNDER, OR MISCELLANEOUS 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
152



 153.1 • Derelict Freighter (127)

You get the sick feeling that the situation Section Links
will only worsen if you go below deck, but The first time any character goes lower 
you know there will also be more supplies, below deck, read 109.2.
and so you descend. In the hold, you find 
the remains of the crew, blue and frozen. A 
dry moan rises up from one of the corpses, 
and they stand, eager for you to join them 
on their endless journey into the abyss.

B
Special Rules
Place the revealing character on stairs 
B. Stairs A and B are linked. C
Any character can spend 2 movement 
points when occupying stairs C to go 
lower below deck.

 153.2 • Hall of Revelry Built

The Valrath turns to the Aesther in your of the hunt, the pursuit of prophecy… I despite no discernible source of heat below 
party, clearly in awe. “We are blessed to be have even heard of one who seeks only the it.  “Drink deeply and you will know 
in your presence. We are followers of your enigma of mystery across time and space. your task. I know not what he will ask of 
brother, Tholos, the Granter of Favors. He Tell me, what drives you?” you. They are unique for each of us, and 
can see your desires, and he is generous to their mystery is beyond the bounds of our 
those who prove their worth through his There is a pleading in his eyes, but just prediction.”
trials.” as quickly as the words leave his lips he 

catches himself. “No, it is not for me to You look at him with a level of concern, 
The Valrath finishes his tea, handing know. I have my guide now, in Tholos the and he smiles warmly. “All I can say is 
the empty cup over to another of the Granter of Favors. And it is only through that should you complete them all, your 
conclave’s members with a thankful nod. me acting as shepherd that others may see reward will be worthwhile. Good luck.”
He is no longer addressing you as a group, his majesty.”
instead enamored with the Aesther in your 
party. “I cannot fathom the lengths you He smiles, rising from his seat. “That is Section Links
have gone to—the force of your resolve, to why you are here. To complete his trials If you are playing Frosthaven solo, 
gather yourself back up from the infinite and receive his impossible gifts.” The read 155.4 now. Otherwise, read 
planes. What did you focus on to coalesce Valrath leads you to a small stone bowl 145.2 now.
your being? For Bastian, it was hate. I on a raised platform at the far end of the 
have heard stories of others—the thrill hall. It burbles a sweet-smelling steam 

 153.3 • Tower of Knowledge (134)  153.4 • Old Coin

Conclusion in its chest, revealing a cavity within. You You know immediately from their weight: 
With a thunderous crash, the steel reach inside, and pull out what can only they’re gold coins, but they don’t feature 
automaton falls. The lights in its eyes be the Tome of Conflict. Perhaps this is the special markings Dinah Snapclaw 
blink out. The remaining machines also what was powering this whole mechanical described in the Tavern.
power down, slumping into immobility. nightmare.
The bolts holding the trap door snap open. 
It is finally possible to escape. Rewards

Rewards The looting character gains X gold, 
Stepping forward cautiously, you prod Gain “Tome of Conflict” 219 . where X is how much gold one 
the fallen metal monster with your foot. money token is worth at L+1.
Something clicks, and a hatch pops open 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
153



 154.1 • Lush Grotto (113)  154.2 • How to Lay an Ambush (129)

Special Rules There it is—your prize. You signal to the 
If both tiles 4-C and 13-C have been other mercenaries and leap forward. Now 
revealed, replace the doors between is the time.
them with one large snow corridor.

Special Rules
Section Links Open door 2. If the gem bearer dies, the enemy 
When door 3 is opened, read 183.2. closest to the hex the gem bearer 
When door 4 is opened, read 112.1. Place the twelve numbered tokens next occupied becomes the new gem bearer, 

to the map. These represent sun agates. represented by placing token B on its 
Keeping more agates intact will result in stat card, and follows the same rules as 
a better reward. described above. When this happens, 

remove one numbered token from next 
Place token B on the elite Algox Priest’s to the map (unless the gem bearer was 
stat card. This represents the gem bearer, the last monster on the map). If five 
who focuses on moving toward and numbered tokens are removed, the 
occupying A, then finds a focus as scenario is lost.

Goal normal and performs any other abilities as 
if it had no movement. If the gem bearer The first round starts now.
ever occupies A, the scenario is lost.

1 3 Section Links

2 At the start of the fourth round, read 
148.5.

B

4 78

 154.3 • Core Attunement (67)  154.4 • Tower of Knowledge (134)

Conclusion as they look at you, all with a unified The dizziness-inducing tilting stops at last. 
The humming sound of the elemental expression of shock. Something must have All is silent for a moment, but then, you 
resonance between the cores and the array gone very wrong. hear a loud rumbling coming from inside 
finally settles on a soothing frequency. the tower. At the center of the main room, 
Voice-of-Eight materializes before you, A sharp crack rings out through the dome an enormous automaton descends from the 
strengthened and anchored by the ancient and your eyes dart to the array, a small ceiling, crushing the altar beneath its bulk. 
device. They face the demonic portals and fissure forming at the top of its crystalline Its metallic fists flex and red light blooms 
begin to sing at the same frequency, using form. A new rift suddenly rips open in in its eyes. Its head swivels as it searches 
words of a language long forgotten. One front of you and you hear once again the its surroundings, and then it spots you—
by one, the demons blink out of your world howling winds of chaos. intruders! It lumbers forward, murder in 
along with the rifts they created. those glowing red eyes.

Momentary relief, however, is suddenly Rewards
enveloped by an overwhelming sense Gain 1 morale and 1 prosperity. Special Rules
of dread. The humming sound splits  Replace altar C with an elite Steel 
into multiple layers, each new one New Scenario:  Automaton. It has HxC/2 hit points 
overpowering the others, building up a The Face of Torment 68  (rounded up). When it dies, instead of a 
feedback. The Aesther chant fades away loot token, it drops a goal treasure tile. 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
154



 155.1 • My Private Empire (107)

“They mocked. They chided. They 
whispered endless jibes against me. My 
hall was empty, and they reveled in it. It 
was their final jest. My lovely dancers 
made short work of them. It took me 
weeks to scrub the blood. Now, my new 
friends, join their final pirouette!”

C 3
Special Rules
The fourth episode is overcome when 
all revealed enemies are dead.

Section Links
When the fourth episode is overcome, 
read 149.4. 

2

 155.2 • Xain’s Gambit  155.3 • Low Morale

When the third day passes without He hands you an ill-looking flask. “This is a somber hour, but we’ve seen 
Xain turning up at The Crater with your worse.” Mayor Satha accepts a sack of 
investment proceeds, you know you’ve got “Good news is you’re now the proud food from the shopkeeper, who grumbles 
a problem. You finally corner him at his owner of... that. They assured me it’s super while handing it over. “Keep your chin 
home by the docks. healthy.” up, we’ll get through this too.” He gives a 

nod, closing his door as she helps you load 
“Oh, right—I am so glad that you came the food into the wagon. She marks a note 
by! I’ve been looking everywhere for you Rewards in her ledger and wipes the effort off her 
guys.” He wipes his brow nervously. “So, Gain “Unhealthy Mixture” 098 . brow, which has gathered despite the cold 
a little bit of a mixup with the polar bear weather.
meat. Turns out Lurkers? Really into it. 
But not as into paying with, uh... things of “That’s the last door we’ll need to knock 
traditional value.” on, thankfully. We’ve checked in on 

everyone, collected what we could, and 
brightened as many days as plausible.” She 
slams a fist into her hand in frustration. “I 

 155.4 • Hall of Revelry Built hate asking for handouts! If we ever get 
to this point again I’m just going to let the 

You peer into the depths of the stone bowl safe, too. Perhaps there is a better path in city burn.”
at the far end of the hall. Steam wafts life, one that you should follow. Perhaps 
off the surface of the liquid, obscuring those rewards outweigh the destiny you 
the contents. You’re nearly ready to give always thought you had… Rewards
up when it cracks through your mind Gain 5 morale. Gain any 6 
like an electric jolt—you can see the collective material resources.
interconnectedness of all things. It has Rewards  
made this life more difficult for you. Unlock Personal Quest 23. Any Lose 2 prosperity.
Fulfilling, yes, but you’ve had to work character may abandon all 
so much harder just to achieve the same progress on their current personal 
goals. quest to take it now, otherwise add Section Links

it to the personal quest deck. Cross out 155.3 on the morale 
The knowledge is a blanket draped over track and replace it with 175.2. If 
your shoulders. It is heavy, weighing you Add event WR-40 to the winter your morale reaches 0 again, read this 
down, but it is warm and makes you feel road deck. new section.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
155



 156.1 • Opening the Pass

“Fascinating, yes... a fascinating valleys they filled up, we think we can I can’t get a team close enough to plant the 
challenge... Oh, and an opportunity for the create a shortcut through the Coppernecks charges.”
outpost, of course!” that could save days for supply teams and 

merchants coming across the mountains.” “That’s where you come in,” Satha 
A Quatryl wrapped in a thick green cloak explains. “I told Pinter you’re the only 
paces the floor of Satha’s cabin, lost in You recall your own recent journey over ones I trust to get those bombs where they 
thought as the mayor looks on from her the pass, and agree you’d have appreciated need to be and handle yourself against 
seat by a map-strewn table. a shortcut. the local animals. We’ll have the charges 

packed and ready to go at dawn.”
Satha raises a hand in greeting as you “That’s the spirit!” Satha continues, “A 
open the door, and the Quatryl whirls shortcut means more merchants bringing You nod and turn to go prepare your own 
toward you, startled. “OH! Yes, perfect, goods, and more goods means more supplies, but Pinter interjects. “And not to 
perfect, you must be the ones Satha outposters survive the winter. Pinter here worry, the charges are completely safe!” 
mentioned. Pinter Droman, tinkerer is in charge of the engineering.” he says, unprompted. “I’ve learned so 
extraordinaire, at your service.” He bows much since my, er, unfortunate incident 
with a flourish.  “Yes!” Pinter jumps back in, unable to in Gloomhaven.” Somehow his assurance 

contain his excitement. “The place we’re does not increase your confidence.
Satha clears her throat, cutting Pinter’s looking to build,” he points to a map on 
introduction short. “A recent landslide the table, “is a landslide area that’s almost 
changed the landscape of the Frozen clear of rocks. I’ve created explosive Rewards
Pass,” the mayor explains, “Between devices to help remove the rest, but the New Scenario: Work Freeze 114
the rocks that fell out of the way and the fauna of the area are quite aggressive, and 

 156.2 • Raised by Wolves (112)  156.3 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  156.4 • How to Lay an Ambush (129)

A small whine from Wolfie at your side Conclusion With everything set in its place, you lie in 
helps to urge you forward. You move Utterly exhausted, you march forward wait while the front of the Algox caravan 
further through the corridor and finally up the passage, finally emerging into comes into view. Instead of springing the 
find the nest for these demons. You daylight. You look around and see a clear trap immediately, though, you hold back 
draw your weapon, ready to evict some path down off this mountain, causing a for a while, waiting for the one bearing the 
unwanted residents. sigh of relief. agates to appear.

One other thing catches your eye, as 
well: a tiny wisp of smoke coming from Special Rules
a campfire a ways down the slope. You Open door 1.

25 cautiously approach and find a human 
male fitting the description of the husband All Algox Scouts, then Algox Guards, 
sitting happily by the fireside, enjoying a immediately perform  9 focusing on 
roasted bird. moving toward and occupying  A. 

“Oh, she sent you after me?” He asks after 
you demand answers. “Yeah, I decided Section Links
that cave was way too dangerous and went After all Algox Scouts and Algox 
exploring somewhere else that took a little Guards have moved, read 154.2.
longer to get to. Sorry, I didn’t mean to 
cause such trouble.”

You almost kill him but realize you’d then 
2 have to carry him back to Frosthaven. 

Instead, you just collapse next to his fire 
and take a nap.

1
Rewards
Gain 15  and 1  each.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
156



 157.1 • Under the Influence (120)

Scenario Effects “It works! I’ve done it! My experiment is Special Rules
All characters gain  and . complete! The guards were incidental, a From now on, during card selection 

byproduct.” She sounds shaky, as if she each round, all characters can only 
is reassuring herself. “Every experiment draw up to three set aside cards.

In the final room, you encounter the source has sacrifices.” You’re not quite sure that’s 
of the mind-altering energy: an enormous, true. The glowing orb has ((Lx2)+3)xC hit 
haphazard contraption, a scavenger’s points. It is an enemy to you and an 
collection of spare machine parts. At its As you approach, she hears you and ally to all monsters.
base, flicking levers and muttering to tenses. Quickly detaching her helmet from 
herself, is another Vermling. Her hands the machine, she removes it from her head, 
dance across the controls and rats clamber cradling it in her arms. Shooting you a 
across her shoulders like a living cape. wild, defiant glance, she flees through 
From her eyes emanates an azure glow, a back exit, smashing a switch as she 
a searing energy which also crackles departs. You consider pursuing her, but the 
between the antennae of her bulky metal machine kicks into high gear. The psychic 
helmet, which is attached to the machine. energy reaches a pinnacle, prickling down 
This must be the one responsible for the your spine, threatening to overwhelm you.
attacks on the guards—the Mindthief. 2

You have to destroy the emitter device 
Barely acknowledging your entrance, the before it makes your party turn on each 
Mindthief adjusts dials on her helmet. other like the poor guards did.

 157.2 • Enhancer Upgraded  157.3 • Job Posting

With the enhancer expanded, you visit “Help!” Nera pleads, and, not knowing The Crater, the burned-out dent where a 
Voice-of-Eight to see how they are liking what else to do, you grab hold of the hand tavern used to be, has been seeing some 
the improved shop. Unsurprisingly, you and pull. With great effort, an Aesther action the past few nights. The community 
find Nera embroiled in multiple tomes, tumbles forth right before the portal has taken to the limited warmth it provides, 
the room aglow with spells, her hands shatters in a shower of ethereal glass. huddling around the mismatched donated 
weaving purple and black through the furniture and sharing fermented liquids 
air. You wonder if you ought to leave her The figure groans, shivering on the floor. from their personal pantries. Gatherings 
to it, but she signals you over, speaking “W—where is... the pain?” Their hand tend to last until the small hours of the 
excitedly. shoots out, grabbing a shard of the portal. morning or until the cold settles in. While 

You jump back in alarm, but the Aesther there are tarps strung to keep off falling 
“We have made contact with someone turns the sharp edge on themself, carving snow, the lack of walls makes visitors easy 
who may be trapped in the Void. They strange symbols into the translucent flesh targets for wind whipping through.
must have endured cruelties from the of their leg. You feel a strange tickling 
Corruption, but with that evil force sensation on your own leg. You’re just about to call it for the night 
gone, we should be able to pull them out when a Vermling you haven’t seen before 
to safety. Come, help me.” This sounds “Ahhhh, much better,” they sigh. “Thank steps up to the overturned dresser you’re 
dangerous at best, but that’s a typical day you for releasing me from that prison. I using as a table. “I’m Scabwit, nice to meet 
in Frosthaven. Trusting Voice-of-Eight’s had been trapped there for so long, I don’t me. My people are negotiating with some 
judgment, you assist Nera in setting up the think I can live without pain. Algox for a spot to call our own and it’d 
spell components as the rest of the Aesther be best if we had some brutes like you to 
collective materializes around you. They “But,” the Aesther suddenly stares at you keep the peace.” Scabwit adjusts a crystal-
form a circle, chanting as a portal opens at with fierce intensity. “I have also learned topped walking stick, turning it absent-
the center. to redirect my pain, and I don’t want any mindedly. “You’re the scariest-looking 

other innocents to experience anything people here, so I’ll offer a trade: come be 
The procedure seems stable for a while like what I have. Point me toward evil, and scary for me out in the Whitefire Woods 
as Nera scans for where the energy is I will destroy it!” and I’ll make it worth your time.”
strongest. “There!” She cries, and a surge 
of purple energy flares from the portal. A 
scarred hand emerges from the other side, Rewards Rewards
but then the flat face of the rift cracks, and Unlock  class box. New Scenario: Midwinter Brawl 93
it appears the hand is stuck.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
157



 158.1 • The Titan (123)  158.2 • The Lead Door (103)

Special Rules Conclusion
When any character ends their turn With the last pillar shattered, the dark 
occupying pressure plate A, it is mental prison begins to crumble. The 

A permanently activated. walls melt into a black ichor, the demons 
screaming as they fade to nothing.

The shock of the cold cavern pinpricks its 
way over you as your mind returns to your 
body, and the feeling of madness lingers 
for a moment before reality sets in. Gem 
and Zu are standing over Bartlet’s body.

2 You watch as a tear runs down Gem’s 
face, following the jagged contours of the 
protruding crystals and falling noiselessly 
to the ground. She turns to Zu, her voice 
small. “Do you think it was enough?”

Before Zu can respond, Bartlet draws in 
a breath for the last time, releasing it as 
a long sigh. The Savvas’s chest fades to 
dull rock before your eyes, and a reverent 

 158.3 • Xain’s Gambit silence falls over the room.

Sure enough, Lurkers show extreme realization crosses the Orchid’s face. “I Zu gently embraces Gem with their 
interest in polar bear meat. The proposition wonder if I can get the Algox interested in swarm. “It wasss enough.”
spreads by word of claw and Xain finds bottled seawater somehow...”
you on the street to deliver your gains, 
minus his fee. Rewards

Rewards Gain 1  each, 30  each, and  
“What did I tell you? Lurkers can’t get Gain 30 collective gold. 10 gold each.
enough of that fatty polar bear steak!” A 

 158.4 • The Longest Second (125)  158.5 • A Contained Fire (89)

You enter a room crowded with arcane Fortunately, there are more guardians, so Conclusion
machinery that twists and twirls in ways you have something to distract you. Faye grabs Vanjal’s lifeless body and drags 
impossible to comprehend. Gears fold in it outside, tossing it into the center of the 
on themselves and cogs wrap around in courtyard, on top of his broken statue. She 
angles that change depending on what part Section Links roars deeply and painfully, letting all of 
of the room you observe them from. When door 2 is opened, read  her hatred escape her shaking body. The 

108.1. rest of the Algox flee in terror.
The droning buzz has begun to change 
tone ever so slightly, losing intensity. With Vanjal defeated and his army 
Again, above the opposite door is a panel 2 scattered, the neighboring Algox clans 
lit up with a bright red number one. return to the stronghold to raid the stores, 

divvying up their stolen supplies. They all 
Your mind boggles at what the number thank you profusely and offer you a share 
means. Is it part of a code? Is it a label? If of what was recovered.
every room is room number one, does the 
number have any meaning? What is life 
without time? Is time something you can Rewards
hold or merely behold? The amulet must Gain 2 collective  and  
be affecting your brain, because you can’t 2 collective .
seem to stop all of these questions from 
spilling forth like a geyser of curiosity.

1
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

158



 159.1 • Work Freeze (114)  159.2 • Vermling Siege

Explosions echo off the hills, and the You’d almost forgotten about Mayor 
mountainside shifts under the force. A Satha’s deal to get you past the Vermling 
stream of rock and slag slides down into E siege and continue your work in the 
the ravine below. You’re just about to region. It all comes crashing back when 
congratulate yourself when the mountain’s you’re greeted by the sight of a crude 
surface buckles and collapses as well, 1 catapult and the sound of vicious squeals 
revealing a natural cavern that had been as you crest the last hill before Frosthaven. 
buried beneath the rock. More creatures 1
pour from the cave, intent on making a “FOOD!”
fresh meal out of you. 1

You aren’t sure whether the approaching 
Vermling extortionists are referring to 

Special Rules your group or the loot you carry. You keep 
Open all doors 1. your weapons close by, and you see guards 

lined up on top of the gatehouse in case 
From now on, all monsters that would things go wrong.
spawn at C instead spawn at E, and F
all monsters that would spawn at D A gnarly Vermling clad in bright orange 
instead spawn at F. feathers steps forward, scowling. “We 

let you go to get food. Our part of the 
bargain was good. YOUR part, though, is 
not. Where are the bears? Where are the 
hounds? Where is the FOOD?”

 159.3 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

Echoes of “Food! Food!” ripple through 
What appeared to be a small pool of water the attending Vermlings.
turns out to be quite deep, leading into an 
underground chamber. The flashing of two The chieftain’s face splits into a wicked 
eels glints off some bubbles rising nearby grin. You can see where this is going.
and illuminates a possible opening on the 8
other side. “Either you give us food,” the Vermling 

G snarls, “or you ARE food!”

Special Rules “Food! Food!” The chant is becoming 
All hexes on tile 4-A are treated as J more insistent, and more sinister.
water (difficult terrain). Water 7 
and J are linked.

Section Links
At the end of each round, any If you give up whatever food you 
character occupying tile 4-A must have, read 170.3 now.  
discard one card (if able). Otherwise, read 123.2 now.

 159.4 • The Forge

You’ve stared at the elemental alloy and exact positions of the mountains in the the alloy are the words “Tempus Forge”. 
the key mold you found for a long time distance—you recognize all of these You kneel down to inspect it and, under 
now. You’ve asked everyone in town about shapes from what you thought were crude the layers of snow, find a small mural. 
the “Tempus Forge”—even the locksmith scratchings on the back of the alloy and And hidden within the mural is a keyhole. 
who directed you to one of the ruins—but the mold. You rush back to your room You’ve found it.
you have gotten nowhere. It’s not until to grab them both and then rush back 
you’re wandering a ways out of town, on out to the spot you found. Sure enough, 
a walk to the northwest, that you begin everything lines up. Rewards
to feel the strange sense that everything New Scenario:  
around you is... familiar. That rock in And the rock seems to be of particular The Tempus Forge 106
front of you, the contour of that hill, the importance. Right above its depiction on 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
159



 160.1 • Collapsing Vent (98)

You brace your back against the door Section Links
frame; the very act of opening it to move When door 2 is opened, read  
through has destabilized the previous 145.3.
room. You’ll need to hold it open as long as 
you can so your companions can escape. 2

Special Rules
When the character who opened door 
1 exits their hex, tile 11-F begins to 1
collapse. At the end of each round after 
this happens, all figures occupying tile 
11-F or door 1 suffer  10. 65

 160.2 • Tavern Built  160.3 •  Retires

The new tavern has already attracted a She picks at a scab on her face, thinking. The Geminate seems... smaller somehow. 
local following, but you’re still as likely “Fine.” She pulls a gold necklace with an It may be that their swarm has lost some 
to find patrons at The Crater as you are at antique coin dangling from it out from numbers, or maybe they’re just more 
the newly opened Boiled Crab. In large under her ale-stained blouse. “I’m looking tightly packed. 
part that’s because the Vermling running for some others like this one. Bring them to  
it has an attitude that repels people about me.” Before you can get a good look at it she “It is both,” the Geminate hisses when 
as much as Frosthaven itself. Dinah shoves the necklace back down her shirt. you ask. You pick up a hint of dismay in 
Snapclaw, the proprietor of the tavern, is their voice. “It is too cold. Our swarm, it 
a bit of a mystery. There’s no shortage of Xain steps in to explain: “Find them all and is slowly dying, unable to reproduce fast 
rumors about her, though. it’s supposed to lead to a massive treasure.” enough. We try to pack together, to stay 

warm, but it is not enough. We fear we 
“Y’know, she used to sail with Barty Dinah looks irritated. “Just bring them to must leave this place soon.” 
Half-Ear, the notorious pirate.” Xain, the me, that’s all you need to know. Now buy  
local barfly, is speaking in hushed tones. a drink or quit taking up the seats.” She The form of the Geminate shifts suddenly, 
He looks around to make sure she isn’t walks off to another table in the near- and a different voice emanates from 
listening, then continues, “Rumor has it empty establishment without waiting for within. “The path is clear to us, at least, 
he forced her to walk the plank, left her as your order. even if the other half is yet to agree. We 
piranha-pig food. Just biding her time here must make our way to the Radiant Forest. 
until she can get her bloody revenge.” Xain turns to you, excitedly. “Wow, she It is much warmer, and we hear there are 

must really like you guys!” He sees your others of our kind there. It would be nice 
The no-nonsense Vermling you’re faces, pushing ahead with reassurance. to commune with others. We grow tired of 
discussing returns to your table with a “She’ll open up. Just keep an eye out for fleshy companions.” 
fresh drink for Xain. the coins on your adventures. If you find  

them… oh if you find those coins… we’ll The Geminate shifts again. “We are 
She turns to you: “He telling you his be rich!” swayed by this plan. The Radiant Forest is 
stupid stories? He tell you the one about as good a destination as any...” 
how he had to flee Gloomhaven after some  
bad debts came knocking?” Rewards At this point, you feel you’re no longer 

Add event WO-79 to the winter part of the conversation and take your 
Xain feigns shock. “I was just telling them outpost deck and event SR-50 to the leave. A few days later, the Geminate 
you might have a job for them.” Dinah summer road deck. is gone, leaving behind only dead bugs 
shoots him a look angry enough to make where it made its nest.
a man’s blood run cold. “What? You need Add loot card 1418 to every 
someone to find those coins. This group of scenario loot deck in addition 
mercenaries spends more time outside the to the normal loot distribution. Section Links
wall than anybody! Unless your plan is to When drawn, read any one section Add 193.2 to the calendar in four 
just keep checking the till each night?” number depicted. weeks.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
160



 161.1 • Climbing Gear Built  161.2 • Radiant Dust (119)

Despite its apparent hostility, the Upriver, the forest increases in density, 
landscape surrounding Frosthaven calls heavy boughs shadowing you, wind 
for exploration. Now that some climbing shaking off periodic cascades of powder 
gear has been constructed, you have the like snowfall. The Infuser seems in their B
means to access new horizons high up in element, laughing quietly and crystal skin 
the mountains. gilt-edged. Eventually, the air is filled 

with cracking and rushing, as this near 
Inside the shop, you encounter the Harrower the heart of the wood the creek thaws, 
carpenter hard at work. The horde of insects energized from the latent power source.
which makes up their shape flits around, 
braiding together fibers for rope. “When You hear the tell-tale sounds of more 
we’re finished,” they say in their chittery monsters too. Caws and skitterings and 
voice, “this rope will be able to withstand the agitated flapping of wings. At the next 
the weight of one hundred thousand bees.” bend in the river you spot them, the usual 

host, and polar bears this time too, their 
You must look nervous. Their shape fur blazing with gold. They will need to be 
flutters with humor. “Don’t worry. That defeated before you can progress further.
means it will hold you, too.” 

You dearly hope so, because you can’t Special Rules
picture one hundred thousand bees scaling The Infuser now focuses on moving 
a mountain anytime soon. toward and occupying B, ignoring 

the effects of all difficult and icy 
terrain.

Rewards 2
Place “Climbing Gear” campaign 
sticker on the town map at location 
C. You may now play scenarios 
with the  requirement. 

Gain 1 prosperity.

 161.3 • High Morale

The guard tower is crowded on this clear Satha strides to center of the square and place it shouldn’t be able to exist, defying 
Frosthaven dawn. Every outposter able to addresses the crowds with a bullhorn. the cruel landscape that would spell death 
make the climb has braved the snow-slick “I’m not much for speeches,” the mayor to anything of weaker stock. 
steps and packed each gate house to get a begins. “And I’m not usually one for, uh, 
view of the morning’s events. sentiment, either. But this place, these A thundering cheer rises from the gathered 

people... you make me proud.” outposters, echoing off the mountains and 
”It’s a waste of resources, I kept telling over the choppy waters of the harbor.
’em.” Captain Olmstead grumbles as yet Finished, the mayor lowers her bullhorn 
more people pack the overlook, causing and nods, and the Savvas signals its crew ”Still a waste,” Captain Olmstead repeats, 
the floorboards to groan under the excited to pull the hide tarp. but even the surly guard captain can’t 
chatter. You follow his eye toward the suppress a grin amid the victorious roar.
courtyard, where a monolith stands A giant of stone and steel emerges: a 
concealed by a tarp of stitched hides. human figure stands mid-stride on its way 

north, its determined gaze unflinching Rewards
For weeks a secretive scaffold has against the wind whipping in from the bay. Gain 2 prosperity.
occupied the town square as artisans Like the town of Frosthaven, the statue  
carted stone, steel, and wood behind a isn’t the most beautiful thing in the world. Place “Statue” campaign sticker on 
curtain under the supervision of a scarf- It wouldn’t be on display in any garden on the town map at location F.
clad Savvas. Now the scaffold has been the more civilized side of the Copperneck 
disassembled, and only the thin sheet mountains. But it isn’t south of the 
blocks the finished monument from view. mountains; it’s here, like Frosthaven, in a 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
161