17 • H6 Haunted Vault
  

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when the Doors 1 to 4 are locked and it. Any figure occupying it suffers trap 
goal treasure tile is looted. At the end will unlock and open so long as damage and is placed in the closest 
of that round, read 82.1. any characters occupy two or more empty hex.

corresponding pressure plates  
(A opens 1, B opens 2,  The first time each door 1 to 4 is 

Introduction C opens 3, D opens 4). Whenever opened, at the start of the following 
Leaving the door behind you, you arrive any open door no longer meets this round, spawn one monster adjacent to 
at a room slightly less worn down by time, criteria, it immediately closes and locks. each character based on the map tile they 
but no less unsettling. The green light is Destroy any overlay tile or tokens on currently occupy:
far stronger here, the walls practically 
glowing with its strange emerald bloom. Tile 09-B 02-K 02-I 02-A
Green ooze has been slathered all over 
the chamber, and much of the brickwork Monster Elite Living Elite Ice Normal Normal Ice 

Spirit Wraith Living Doom Wraith
is coated in thin streaks of dried slime. 
However, beyond the luminescence and If multiple doors are opened for the first characters solely for the purpose 
the ooze, there is something else that time in the same round, multiple spawns of occupying pressure plates. On 
draws your attention. occur. Any character occupying a hex initiative 50 each round, they perform 

with an open door may be treated as  4, controlled by you. They do not 
A series of heavy metal squares are set occupying either bordering tile for the block enemy movement can cannot be 
into the ground in the center of the room: purpose of spawning. interacted with in any way.
pressure plates, like the sort normally 
employed as traps, except these have not Place 4-C numbered tokens in any All trap tiles placed during set up 
been hidden at all. Instead, they sit out in empty starting hexes. These represent throughout the scenario are considered 
the open, each marked with a strange rune. spectral helpers, who are considered pressure plates instead.
Along the walls you see three doors also 
marked with symbols: The middle plate’s 
symbol matches the door to the right, Section Links Map Layout
while the runes on the two outside plates When door 3 is opened, read 42.3.
match the door on the left. The remaining 02-C
door, which sits directly in front of you, is 
etched with a rune that doesn’t match any 
of the plates. 07-E

02-A

1 02-K 02-I
09-B

3 2

C B C

Loot Scenario Key

  x10 
Ice Wraith Dungeon Door 5 Pressure Plate 6

  x5 
  x2 

Living Doom Pressure Plate 5 Pressure Plate 3
  x2 
  x1 

Living Spirit Pressure Plate 6 Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
22



18 • E7 Crystal Fields
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Section Links
The scenario is complete when all When door 1 is opened, read 91.2.
enemies in it are dead. At the end of 
that round, read 13.1.

Map Layout

Scenario Effects
Each character gains .

11-A 15-A 11-C

Introduction
You’ve been following the trail of 
crystalline spikes—the Icespeakers’ 
“conduits”—for hours, and the trail has 
led you around the north edge of the 
Whitefire Wood. As you go, you wonder 
what the Algox are up to. Have these icy Scenario Key Loot
spikes been here forever, functioning as   x6 
some sort of ancestral crop? Or have the Algox Guard  Trap 3
Icespeakers begun amassing them only   x3 
recently, expanding these fields to some Burrowing   x2 
unknown purpose? Blade Ice Spikes 5   x5
The conduits have become larger and more   x2 

Frozen Corpse Snow Drift 6
densely packed as you’ve followed the   x1 
trail, and now they are so close together   x1 
that you’re forced to abandon your sled Snow Door 2 Ice Pillar 2
and move in on foot.

It doesn’t take long to pick up a trail after 
that. Heavy footprints mark the way, and 
following them, you come to the remains 
of a hard-lost battle. A great number of 
Algox corpses are strewn about in the 
snow, their huge bodies showing deep 
cuts, some missing limbs. But something 
is wrong with this scene: None of the 
Algox you’ve encountered before wield 
blades that could cause this sort of 
damage.

As you crouch to inspect a corpse further, 1
it suddenly shifts. You jump back as it 
rises out of the snow, a rotting mass of 
undeath. You sigh and shake your head. A
Why can’t things just stay dead?

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
23



19 • N7 Skyhall
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals glyphs, and stout pedestals made of ice nothingness. They are pale, wicked-
Unknown at this time. stand in patterns around the room. The looking things: ghostly in body but 

chief moves slowly, reverent even despite with sharp spectral claws and a pure, 
his rush, but you sense the presence of unchecked hatred in their eyes.

Scenario Effects an almost palpable frustration, a twisted 
Each character gains . anger hovering in the air. Another tremor rises up and the Algox 

chief shouts over it. “You must put the 
Shadows materialize in front of your spirits to rest. Their anger will bring down 

Introduction eyes—gray spirits wriggling out of the mountain!”
Snow and rock fall freely as the mountain 
shakes violently. Boulders zip past your 
rappel lines, plummeting through space Special Rules
before crashing into the ground with All altars are immune to damage  At the start of each listed round, spawn 
incredible thuds. Every second you’re at this time. the following monsters at each listed 
outside is another second nearer to death, location based on character count:
so the instant you touch down, you 
unlatch your harness and run. But rather Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
than flee for the safety of the plains, you 
dive down into the tunnels, knowing 1 A: One normal A: One normal  A: One elite  
that it’s only a matter of time before Flame Demon Flame Demon Flame Demon
Snowscorn comes crashing down. You  
have to find the Icespeaker chief in the 2 B: One normal B: One normal  B: One elite  
hopes that he knows how to stop this. Earth Demon Earth Demon Earth Demon

 
Panicked Algox clog the passages as they 3 C: One elite  C: One elite  C: One elite  
try to escape their crumbling home, but Ice Wraith Ice Wraith Ice Wraith 
the chief is easy to find. He’s right where D: One normal  D: One normal  
you expect him to be, standing in the Ice Wraith Ice Wraith
central chamber, giving rapid orders to his  
kin, telling them to leave everything and 4, 5, C: One normal C: One normal  C: One elite  
flee. 7, 8 Flame Demon Flame Demon Flame Demon 

D: One normal D: One elite  D: One elite  
“The spirits of Skyhall have turned against Earth Demon Earth Demon Earth Demon
us,” he growls when he sees you. “You  
must come with me, quickly!” You turn 6, 9 A: One normal  A: One normal  A: One normal  
and follow as the tremors intensify, the Ice Wraith Ice Wraith and one  Ice Wraith and one 
entire mountain threatening collapse. The B: One normal elite Ice Wraith elite Ice Wraith 
Skyhall is a wide, circular room domed Earth Demon B: One normal  B: One elite  
with glistening crystals—clearly a place Earth Demon Earth Demon
of great religious significance. The floor 
is carved with a number of intricate 

Section Links Map Layout
At the end of the ninth round,  
read 75.2. 07-A

16-B

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
24



19 CONT. • Skyhall

Scenario Key Loot

  x11 
Earth Demon

  x2 
  x2 A B

Flame Demon
  x2 
  x1 

Ice Wraith
  x1 
  x1 

Cave Corridor 1

Large Cave 
Corridor 3

Altar 6

Dark Fog 6

D C

20 • L9 Temple of Liberation
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals The room is truly massive. The soaring There is little time to wonder at the 
The scenario is complete when the domed ceiling is carved with intricate sight. Shortly after you enter, one of 
glowing orb is destroyed. At the end rectangular designs. The walls too share the machines turns and sees you. It 
of that round, read 57.2. this motif, and four large pillars stand in rises at once and the other mechanical 

four quadrants of the room, each topped parishioners follow like a silent wave. As 
with a small, glowing yellow node. they do, the four pillars deploy a protective 

Introduction shroud that encases the main orb in a 
The light here is sparse. You tread The orb, which is the primary source of hazy barrier of light. That orb must be 
carefully with torches held high, the long the light, is positioned in the center like a driving them, you think, but as soon as the 
stone hallways bending in the darkness. sun, humming in key with the four pillars thought crosses your mind, the machines 
You march with your eyes straining around it. charge. Their metal feet click against the 
forward, and only after a long stretch of stone floor, and through a passage at the 
time do you find anything new. A hallway A small crowd of mechanical creatures far end of the room, you can see shadows 
appears, bathed in a faint yellow glow. The have gathered here. Some look like the flickering—reinforcements on their way. 
light is dim at first but intensifies as you machines you’ve faced already, bipedal You need to shut down the barrier and 
continue on, and a few moments later you beings made of metal and cord, but others disable the orb, and you need to do it fast.
arrive at the source: an immense chamber are new and strange. All of them are 
dominated by a huge, humming yellow orb. turned toward the orb, heads bowed as if – Continued on next page.

in prayer.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

25



20 CONT. • Temple of Liberation

Special Rules Section Links
At the start of each even round, spawn Each metal cabinet has Cx(L+2) hit When all metal cabinets are destroyed, 
one Ruined Machine at each A and points. They are enemies to you and read 14.3.
B. These spawns are normal for allies to all monsters. They have an 
two characters, elite at B for three initiative of 01 for the purpose of 
characters, or all elite for four characters. focusing. Whenever any metal cabinet Map Layout

is destroyed, spawn one Flaming 
At the start of each odd round after the Bladespinner at to the glowing orb. It 
first, all characters, character summons, is normal for two or three characters, 02-A 02-C

and Ruined Machines occupying or or elite for four characters. In addition, 
adjacent to any hex with a power conduit the closest A or B no longer spawns 15-C

or metal cabinet suffer trap damage. anything, and the closest power conduit 
no longer causes trap damage. 02-K 02-I

The glowing orb is immune to damage 
at this time.

Scenario Key

Flaming 
Bladespinner A B

Ruined 
Machine

Steel 
Automaton

Metal Corridor 4

Large Metal 
Corridor 4

Power Conduit 4

Glowing Orb 1

Metal Cabinet 4

Loot

  x10 
  x2 
  x5 
  x2 
  x1 B A

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
26



21 • N1 Realm of Endless Frost
  

Scenario Goals “Yes, movement! Wonderful!” It shrieks. Special Rules
The scenario is complete when the “Oh please, won’t you follow me onto the Door 1 is locked and will unlock 
Prince of Frost is dead. At the end of terrace.” when all revealed enemies are dead.
that round, read 136.3.

The creature leads the way to the 
entrance of its home: a conical structure Section Links

Scenario Effects with walls of stone and crystalline ice. When door 1 is opened, read 51.1.
Each character discards two cards and You are somewhere foreign, though, 
gain . surrounded by unforgiving ice that seems 

to creep closer when you look away. You Map Layout
glance back to see the path behind you 

Introduction frozen over, and when you look ahead, 07-E
You’ve been hiking for what seems an your host is conveniently absent. Several 
eternity. The wind screams in your ears piles of snow rise and then snap into solid 
and your body is growing stiff. Your hands forms—spindly demons that glitter in the 15-C 13-E
and feet numbed long ago, and now your pale light. They each take a shrill breath 
mind is beginning to fog. and stretch their long, wicked-looking 

tails. So much for hospitality.
When you left the fjords you did so in 
good spirits. With the exception of a few 14-B
demonic bird-men, your exploration of Scenario Key Loot
the coast was going fine... until the storm   x6 
arrived. Prince of Frost

  x4 
At first it was a thin flurry of snow, wisps   x3 
of white flakes playing at your ears. Within Frost Demon

  x3 
minutes, though, it had turned vicious, the 
wind and ice whipping up so fiercely that   x1 

Living Bones
at times you could see nothing but white as   x2 
you marched.   x1 

Living Spirit 1
Now you stumble on with your heads 
down, looking out for anything that can 

Snow Imp
give you shelter.

Suddenly, the snow and ice give out Dungeon Door 3
beneath you, and just like that you are 
falling, plummeting. Your minds scramble. 
The ground appears. Then blackness.  Trap 3

When you awake, there is pain. Blood Ice Spikes
trickles from various wounds and gloops 3
onto the icy ground.

Ice Pillar 3
A voice calls out, scratchy and high 
pitched.

Bookshelf 3
“Oh dear, oh my, I hope you poor 
wretches are still alive,” it says. “I get Crate 3
so few visitors, I should hate to miss an 
opportunity to host.”

Glowing Orb 1
You blink away the fog and see a small 
humanoid creature made entirely of ice Treasure
scampering toward you. 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
27



22 • I2 Ice Floes  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals Section Links
The scenario is complete when all When all revealed enemies are dead, 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of read 26.3.
that round, read 96.4.

Map Layout
Scenario Effects
Each character adds two  cards to 07-G
their attack modifier deck. 14-A

Introduction
You’ve followed the shards’ pull on your 02-B
quest to restore the Lurkers’ crown. It’s 
been several days of hard sailing, dodging 
icebergs and huddling against the wind, 
you’ve arrived at your destination. You 
float at the exact spot where the shards 
want you to be, but strangely, there is 
nothing here. Scenario Key Loot

  x10 
Your ship sits in open water, sails secured, Lightning Eel
while you look for any sign of another   x5 
shard: a spit of land, a wayward berg, Lurker   x2 
another shoal perhaps, but there is nothing Clawcrusher   x2 
here except the frigid, steady chop of the 
sea. Frustrated, you retire below deck, Lurker   x1 
but as you descend you notice the shards’ Wavethrower

renewed excitement. Only then do you 
realize where you must go: down into the Huge Water 1
water.

Large Water
Just then the ship heaves upward. For a 2
moment you feel like you’re floating, your 
body tossed weightless into the air. But Stairs 2
then that feeling ends, and you slam back 
down onto the cabin floor with cracking 
force. Something has struck the hull. Water 10

You heave yourselves back up to the main Barrel
deck and see jets of saltwater spraying all 2
around the ship. Lurkers have boarded A
your vessel, and their huge bodies are Crate 2
rocking it back and forth like a toy. You 
draw your weapon, ready to charge, but 
someone shouts up from the hold—the Mast 1
crab-people have made it inside and 
they’re beginning to smash holes in the 
ship. The Lurkers know you have the 
shards, and they will sink you to get them.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
28



23 • B8 Spire Basement
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Section Links
The scenario is complete when all When door 1 is opened, read 38.4.
enemies in it are dead. At the end of 
that round, read 105.2.

Map Layout

Scenario Effects
Each character gains . 15-D

Introduction
11-F

Down the rear stairwell—a corkscrew of 
stone and iron—you go to see what lies 
beneath the spire. Tunnels are what you 12-A

find: black, sooty tunnels. From what 
you can tell, they are purely functional, 
the stone passages scraped and marred 
by years of clumsy automatons passing 
through, but there is a smell on the air 
that stands out. It’s a mix between funeral Scenario Key Loot
pyre and an alchemist’s shop: burnt fat,   x8 
charred metal, and smoke. You can’t see Living Bones
the beam’s light from here, but you can   x4 
hear its telltale hum.   x4 

Living Doom
  x2 

You wind through the tunnels, keeping 
alert for any sign of movement, but you   x1 

Living Spirit
soon discover that the workers down here   x1 
have been disabled and now lie lifeless 
on the ground. It appears that they fell Metal Door 2
in the middle of their work, dropping 
where they stood and spilling whatever  Trap
they’d been carrying. Their grisly cargo is 4
strewn over the floor: legs with feet still 
attached, Algox paws, vulpine torsos, all Rubble 4
of it splayed out like a macabre trail of 
breadcrumbs.

Large Debris 3
It isn’t until you turn the final corner 
that you see where all this butchery was 
headed—a hallway, heaped on both sides 1
with discarded bodies and limbs. The 
humming noise is louder here, and the 
red glow reflects off the tunnel walls—
the beam of energy is close. You move 
forward but only manage a few steps 
before the ground stirs around you.

Deathless bodies, ruined and hacked, 
rise up from the piles. Maimed and half-
charred Algox and humans, many of them 
lacking limbs and other essential parts, 
climb to their feet nonetheless and release 
weak, throaty groans.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
29



24 • D6 Upper Spire
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when all Shuffle the twelve numbered tokens When all revealed enemies are dead 
characters have escaped. At the end of face-down next to the map. and any character occupies a corridor, 
that round, read 88.3. after applying any numbered effect, 

All corridor hexes in the scenario read 83.2.
represent the beam of chaotic energy. 

Scenario Effects All monsters treat all corridors as 
Each character gains  twice. negative hexes. Whenever any figure Map Layout

enters a corridor hex, immediately 
reveal one numbered token and apply 

Introduction the corresponding effect to that figure: 04-B

This dark metal tower was built for some 
purpose, and you’re certain the truth will 1: Gain  
be at the top. You need to see where this 2: Gain  08-A
beam of red light leads. When you step 3: Gain  
into the beam of light, you feel nothing 4: Gain  twice 
at first. The world around you becomes 5: Perform  2+L, self 
a crimson stained version of itself . You 6: The closest monster suffers trap 15-D
feel silly, realizing that maybe this beam damage 
was meant only for the transportation of 7: Gain  
machines. But then you take a breath, 8: Gain  
and everything wobbles. Your vision 9: Gain  
bends, and the world snaps with sudden 10: Gain  twice 
violence into an entirely new shape. You 11: Suffer trap damage 
have no time to react—if you did, you 12: Spawn one normal Living Bones 
would almost certainly scream—but in at the closest empty non-corridor hex.
a blink it’s over and you are somewhere 
else, standing in an entirely new room. Whenever all numbered tokens 
The redness is gone, but you feel terribly have been revealed, shuffle them all 
off-balance. It’s as if you’ve been at sea face-down again.
for months and have just run aground. For 
whatever reason, there is a dry, smoky If any character becomes exhausted, 
taste on your tongue. the scenario is lost.

You’re in a smaller room now—an upper 
level of the spire, you think. The red beam 
is still coursing through the center of 
the floor, and all around it are a number 
of automatons, just like the workers Scenario Key Loot
downstairs, except these are still active.   x8 
The reason for this is quite clear: just past Chaos Demon
the beam hovers another demon, thrashing   x2 
its long, leathery tendrils in rage.   x4 

Living Bones
  x2 
  x2 

Wind Demon
  x1 
  x1 

Cave Corridor 4

Large Cave 
Corridor 4

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
30



25 • E10 Rusted Tunnels
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Section Links
The scenario is complete when all When door 1 is opened, read 58.2. 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of When door 2 is opened, read 61.2.
that round, read 16.1.

Map Layout
Introduction

After leaping off the ruined elevator, you 07-H 11-F
discover that the metal walkway that 
saved your life leads directly to a door 
with a flashing red light. The security 
system is still in effect, and you might 
as well dismantle it while you search for 12-A

another way out. Your footsteps clang 
softly against the metal path, echoing into 
the vast nothingness.

It isn’t long before you arrive at the edge Scenario Key Loot
of the cavern and find the entrance to a 
tall, narrow tunnel. The tunnel’s walls Flaming   x10 

Bladespinner Large Debris 2
have been carefully carved out and   x2 
reinforced with thick bars of heavy iron, Robotic   x4 
all of which are coated in rust. Boltshooter Large Debris 2

  x1 
The red light hangs only a short distance Ruined   x1 
within—a single blinking orb mounted Machine Treasure 1

onto a wall—and under its steady flash 
you can make out the shapes of some sort Metal Door 2
of creature. They’re moving slowly about 
in the low gloom, almost as if they’re 
searching for something. You realize only 
too late that the thing they’re searching for 
is you.

One of them, a stout metallic body, stops 
and peers in your direction. Its glassy eyes 2
catch the flashing glow from above, and an 
instant later the tunnel is filled with light. 
Dozens of red lamps lining the walls burst 
to life and dye the room in a sharp scarlet 
fluorescence. In the new light you can see 1
the tunnel clearly, and it is packed with 
mechanical guards. Several are already 
waiting on the steel walkway, and more 
are beginning to emerge from adjoining 
tunnels. Flame and sword and gun barrel 
swing outward, and the machines begin to 
advance.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
31



26 • E10 Quatryl Library
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals leaves of corroded iron have begun to flake Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all off in several places. You listen for any All Ruined Machines focus on moving 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of signs of activity, but there are none. toward and occupying the pressure 
that round, read 24.1. plate, then find a focus as normal and 

You continue moving and, after a long perform any other abilities as if they 
stretch of time, you spot a trace of had no movement. If they cannot find 

Introduction light escaping from a nearby passage. a path to the pressure plate, they will 
Turning away from the flickering red Following it, you come to a library. It is move to get as close as possible to it 
right, you opt to move in a direction a large rectangular room bordered on all (as measured by range).
slightly less ominous, though only slightly. sides with bookshelves sagging under the 
You take the steel walkway through the weight of their contents, and in the center If any figure occupies the pressure 
open cavern. The ceiling is too high for of the room are several tables and chairs, plate, the scenario is lost. All 
you to see in the darkness and no creatures all of them thick with dust and cobwebs. characters and character summons 
stir around you, but still the vastness of cannot enter the hex with the pressure 
this place is a marvel in itself. But you are not alone. Shortly after you plate in any way.

enter, you hear the hurried shuffling of 
After a few minutes, you come to the metal feet. A line of security machines 
entrance of a well-constructed tunnel. Its emerge from the far entry, weapons at the Section Links
walls and ceiling are held back with thick ready. They move with rigid certainty, At the start of the seventh round, read 
metal trellises, hundreds of hexagonal their limbs exact and swift, specialized 131.4.
beams coming together to form a heavy in seeking and destroying intruders like 
metal skeleton that, though well-forged, yourselves. Their focus, however, is 
has succumbed to decades of rust. Wide only partly aimed at you. The majority Map Layout

of them are instead moving toward a 
pedestal in the center of the room. The 

Scenario Key Loot pedestal is little more than a simple stone 16-D 13-F
pillar, but atop it you can see a large steel 
pressure plate. You’re not sure what the 

Ancient   x10 
Artillery plate does, but judging by how much 

  x2 attention the machines are paying it, you 
Ruined   x4 know it isn’t good.

Machine   x1 
Steel   x1 

Automaton

Large Metal 
Corridor 4

Metal Corridor 3

Pressure Plate 1
73

Bookshelf 6

Supply Shelf 3

Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
32



27 • H6 Depths of Delirium Shard Seeker

  

Scenario Goals You move carefully into the chamber, but is pulsing faster than ever and the puddles 
The scenario is complete when all a sudden wave of gravity tilts you to the of ooze have begun to creep over the floor. 
altars in it are destroyed. At the end of side, and you stumble. Sudden flashes of You raise your arm in front of your face 
that round, read 8.2. light and shadow appear. Faces from long and squint. It’s difficult to see clearly 

ago—your own memories and nightmares, through the gloom, but, squinting through 
things you’ve locked away—literally leap the shifting shadows, you catch a glimpse 

Introduction out from your mind and materialize in the of what lurks behind them. A great eye 
The carved relief in the glowing tomb has room before you. crowns a tall knot of fleshy black tendrils, 
been at the back of your mind since you and you understand now that this path 
first saw it, and now, standing in front Were you a newly-minted adventurer, was taken in error. You have not entered a 
of it once again, you understand why. this deranged magic might unnerve you. simple catacomb; you have entered the lair 
You move closer, raising a hand to feel Instead, you concentrate. The green light of terrors from the deep.
its intricacies, but a familiar sensation 
suddenly comes over you—the shard. It 
thrums once, twice. Then, as if moved Special Rules Section Links
by an invisible hand, the relief spins and Whenever any character suffers When door 1 is opened, read 95.1. 
moves—the door begins to open. The damage from a Deep Terror attack, When door 2 is opened, read 68.3. 
heavy metal gears grind through the rust they must move one card from When door 3 is opened, read 69.2. 
as the door slides slowly, grudgingly into their hand or discard pile to their When door 4 is opened, read 148.4. 
the wall. own separate pile of “taken” cards. When door 5 is opened, read 71.5.

In addition, whenever any door is 
You move into the next chamber and opened, all characters must move one 
put away your torch. The green light has card from their hand or discard pile to Map Layout
become so strong, you can navigate by its their taken pile. Taken cards cannot be 
glow alone, though now that glow appears interacted with in any way 02-I
to be pulsing, rising and falling in a steady 02-C

rhythm. Each altar in the scenario has L+2 
hit points. They are enemies to you 12-D

The chamber is a dank, mildewy expanse and allies to all monsters. Whenever 02-A 09-B 02-K
of cracked stone and crumbling mortar. any altar is destroyed, the destroying 
Several splotches of greenish ooze character may return all their taken 
seep in through the stonework walls, cards to their hand.
accumulating into large, thick puddles.

3
Scenario Key Loot

1 2
  x13 

Deep Terror
  x2 
  x2 

Living Bones
  x2 
  x1 

Ooze

Dungeon Door 5

Altar 6

Treasure 2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

33



28 • J8 Summit Meeting
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals You look outside the cavern to see the Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all guard details each side brought being cut   x11 
characters and emissaries have escaped. down with cruel efficiency. Spears and Algox Archer
At the end of that round, read 93.3. spells and fists fly in a swarm of violence.   x2 

Gurndel and Barduu turn to you. It’s time   x3 
to leave, but both exits are well guarded. Algox Guard

Introduction   x1 
A secret meeting has been arranged. There “We must be away from this place,” Algox   x1 
are elements on both sides of this Algox Barduu shouts. “Warm-bloods, aid us, or Icespeaker   x2 
war that want peace, and they have sent none will escape.”
emissaries to discuss the possibility of Algox 

Snowspeaker
reconciliation.

Large Cave 
You stand as witnesses to this Corridor 3
apocryphal meeting, and you 
can’t deny the wary optimism C Ice Pillar
lingering in the private chamber, 48 5

a long, oval-shaped cave tucked E
away from the eyes of either sect. Treasure 2

C
The two emissaries, Gurndel and 
Barduu, stand in the center of 
the room, muttering in the Algox 
tongue, and although you can’t 
discern their words, it seems to be 
going well. So far, the discussion 
has been carried out with 
measured tones and much pausing 
for consideration. In fact, from 
what you’ve seen, you’re almost 
surprised that the two sects haven’t 
found peace before—almost surprised, 
because just as you have that thought, you 
hear the sounds—enraged Algox storming 
down the tunnels toward you.

The secret meeting has been 
discovered, and somehow both 
sides of the conflict have come 
to stop it. They are roaring for 
battle—and for the heads of the A
traitors who dared sue for peace.

A
C

E
– Continued on next page.

C
60

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
34



28 CONT. • Summit Meeting

Special Rules Map Layout
Place one numbered token in each A. Use the  attack modifier deck for the 
These represent the emissaries, allies to Algox Archers and Algox Icespeakers, 
you and enemies to all monsters. Each though they are still considered enemies 15-B
has 2x(L+2) hit points. On initiative 99 to you.
each round, they perform  4, controlled 
by you. Any character may lose one At the start of each even round, spawn 
card from their hand or two from one Algox Guard at D and one Algox 11-D 04-A
their discard pile to negate one source Archer at E. These are normal for two 
of damage to an emissary. If either characters, elite each second spawning 07-C
emissary dies or any character becomes for three characters, or all elite for four 
exhausted, the scenario is lost. characters.

All Algox Guards and Algox Snowspeakers When all Algox Snowspeakers are dead, 
are allies to each other and enemies to all each B and D becomes an escape hex.
other figures. Likewise, all Algox Archers 
and Algox Icespeakers are allies to each When all Algox Icespeakers are dead, 
other and enemies to all other figures. each C and E becomes an escape hex.

29 • F8 War of the Spire A
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals You ask what will happen if the spire is Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all activated. The question brings a shadow Spawn 6-C normal Algox Guards or 
three ice cores have been destroyed. At over her face. Algox Archers at any empty starting 
the end of that round, read 50.3. hex. They are allies to you and 

“Utter defeat.” She looks at you and the enemies to all other monster types.
gathered fighters and nods with absolute 

Scenario Effects certainty. “The very snow itself would be Each ice pillar and ice core has 
Each character gains . perverted by the Icespeakers’ devilry, and Cx(L+2)/2 hit points (rounded down), 

we would be defenseless against them. We and can only be damaged if there are 
would be crippled under their fists... but three or fewer ice pillars and/or ice 

Introduction we will not let that happen.” cores adjacent to it. They are enemies 
With a detachment of Snowspeaker scouts to both you and all Algox Guards and 
able to survey the path ahead, it doesn’t As she says this, a low beat rises in the Algox Archers and allies to all other 
take long before you find the enemy horde. air. You turn, expecting drums to have monsters.
They have gathered, hundreds of them, for suddenly appeared on the attacking line, 
war. They are positioned in the center of but it is the sound of the Algox slamming Whenever any ice pillar is destroyed, 
the eastern fields, formed into a defensive their staves and feet into the ground. spawn one Algox Priest at A. It is 
perimeter around an enormous spire made The effect is awesome: a deep rhythm normal for two characters or elite for 
entirely of ice. From a hundred yards reverberating off the trees and out over the three or four characters. Whenever 
away it looks like some monument to a plain. any ice core is destroyed, spawn one 
demanding god: a pillar of gnarled glass Algox Icespeaker at B. It is normal 
as tall as a giant cedar, and from it, you The beat quickens. Staves and feet and for two or three characters or elite for 
sense an immense constrained power. fists pound, building into a great thrum four characters.

of war. Then all at once, it ceases, and a 
“This is it,” says Denpang, the young terrible roar goes out that shakes the air in 
leader of the Snowspeakers. She stands to your lungs. Together, you and the Algox 
your side, surveying the battlefield. “We charge. – Continued on next page.
will distract the main forces. You must get 
to the spire and destroy its core.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
35



29 CONT. • War of the Spire A

Map Layout Scenario Key

Large Snow 
07-B Algox Archer Corridor 6 Ice Core 3

Algox Guard Snow Corridor 5 Ice Pillar 9
13-A 16-A 13-C

Algox 
IceSpeaker Ice Spikes 7 Treasure 1

Algox Priest Large Ice 
Crystal 1

Algox Scout Stalagmites 2
Loot

  x12 
  x2 

A B   x2 
  x1 
  x1 
  x2 

45

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
36



30 • E8 War of the Spire B
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals “But their scouts have discovered our plan, of this war is near. The divine sings to us. 
The scenario is complete at the end of and so they have no choice but to come and This will be our day.”
the twelfth round. At the end of the stop it.” Behind Putargal looms the largest 
round, read 53.2. of the spires. She stamps her foot into the You tilt your head to the wind, listening 

ground and the snow freezes around it. for this song from the Algox gods, but 
“They will attack right here. Their only all you hear is a steady beating rhythm. 

Scenario Effects hope is to destroy the main spire, which Looking out into the forest, you see 
Each character gains feeds all the others. But we will stop it.” the opposing army approaching. There 

must be hundreds of them, and they 
The size of the spire still gives you pause. are chanting. The Snowspeakers are 

Introduction How it was made, you cannot fathom, but striking their weapons against the ground, 
“The conduits draw strength from its strength is unquestionable. You can feel pounding out a battle rhythm, and it’s 
Geryuu,” Putargal explains as she draws its power thrumming from deep within: a speeding up. After only a few moments, it 
a crude map in the snow. “With them, we steady tide of energy being drawn inward becomes so loud that the air itself seems 
can send a wave of power reaching clear from the forest and stored up like a geyser to shake. Then, without warning, the beat 
across the Whitefire Wood that will freeze preparing to erupt. stops, and a wild, earsplitting roar fills the 
every last flake of those heretics’ snow.” air. The Snowspeakers charge. A wave of 
She swipes her hand across the big area in A perimeter has been set. The Icespeakers white muscle and burning magic crashes 
the middle, pushing away the snow. stand in a wide circle around the spire, down. You grip your weapon tight and 

prepared to fight. prepare to meet them.
“They will have nowhere to go. Nowhere to 
attack from. It will be the end.” She stands “Can you feel it?” Putargal surveys the 
and you stand with her, looking around at gathering assault. She holds her chin high, 
the giant spikes of ice emerging from the her face bent in determination. “The end 
ground around the edge of the wood.

Special Rules Map Layout
All Algox Icespeakers are allies to you their discard pile to negate one source 
and enemies to all other monster types. of damage to an ice pillar or ice core. 07-B

If all three ice cores are destroyed, the 
Each ice pillar and ice core has 1 hit scenario is lost.
point. They are allies to both you and 13-A 16-A 13-C
all Algox Icespeakers and enemies to all At the start of each listed round, spawn 
other monsters. Any character may lose the following monsters at each listed 
one card from their hand or two from location based on character count:

Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters – Continued on next page.

2, 6 A: One normal A: One elite Algox A: One elite Algox 
Algox Scout Scout Scout

 
3, 7 B: One normal B: One normal B: One elite Algox 

Algox Archer Algox Archer Archer
 

4, 8 A: One normal A: One elite Algox A: One elite Algox 
Algox Guard Guard Guard

 
5, 9 B: One normal B: One normal B: One elite Algox 

Algox Snowspeaker Algox Snowspeaker Snowspeaker

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
37



30 CONT. • War of the Spire B

Scenario Key Loot
  x12 

Algox Archer Large Snow 
Corridor 6 Stalagmites 2   x2 

  x2 
Algox Guard Snow Corridor 5 Ice Core 3   x1 

Algox   x1 
Icespeaker Ice Spikes 7 Ice Pillar 9   x2 

Algox Scout Large Ice 
Crystal 1 Treasure 1

Algox 
Snowspeaker

45

A B

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
38



31 • F10  Crackling Tunnel
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all Throughout the scenario, after all 
characters have escaped. At the end of revealed enemies are dead, whenever 07-H
that round, read 81.3. a character ends their turn occupying 

any A, they may remove their figure 07-F
and all their summons and tokens 

Introduction from the map and discard all active 
The door in the mountain temple groans round bonuses. Do not alter anything 11-F
as dozens of gears and iron rods, knotted in their play area. They no longer 
together like some infernal puzzle, finally participate in the scenario in any way 
move aside, and the rear passage slides until the next room is revealed.
open to reveal the path forward. A hallway 
stretches out. It is tall and narrow, built Whenever revealing a new room, place 
from immense white stones that have been all characters in starting hexes and Scenario Key Loot
cut and arranged in an alternating pattern then any active character summons or   x11 
of squares. The floor is similarly built, and tokens in viable hexes closest to their Flaming 

Bladespinner
it has been well maintained, much of it character.   x2 
clear of dust or dirt. Overall, the passage Robotic   x3 
is much better preserved than any other If any character becomes exhausted, Boltshooter   x1 
you’ve seen so far in the mountain temple the scenario is lost.
complex, but there is something else about Steel   x1 
it that draws your attention. Every surface Automaton   x2 
in the hallway—wall, ceiling, floor—is Section Links
interwoven with the small silver tubes At the start of the next round after all Power Conduit 3
that you found in the previous chambers. characters have been removed from 
There are ten or twenty of them in all and the map, read 37.2. Treasure
they stretch down toward some unseen 1
destination. It isn’t the most reassuring 
sight, since the tubes seem to indicate 
more machines, but this is the path you’ve 
chosen. You gather your gear and continue 
your long walk. The farther you travel, the 
more metal pipes emerge, and it begins 
to feel like you’re walking down some 
garden path that’s been abandoned and A
overtaken by vines.

A
But then you catch a glimpse of something 
glowing up ahead. You proceed carefully, A
watching as the glow begins to pulse—
slowly at first, but the undulation 
accelerates. It appears to be a series of 
flames that are... spinning? Oh, right. 
Great. More of those.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
39



32 • Q3 Ravens’ Roost
  Radiant Forest

Scenario Goals sneaking through our trees. So brave, so Section Links
The scenario is complete when the brave they are.” The voice echoes off the When door 1 is opened, read 66.1.
raven nest A is destroyed. At the end woods, barely louder than the breeze itself.
of that round, read 59.1.

“Oh, yes. Keep on, sweet things, sweet Map Layout
breathers come to see.”

Scenario Effects
Each character gains . 05-B 13-A 15-A

Special Rules
At the start of each round, place one 

Introduction numbered token on each Frozen Corpse. 
The fiendish birds that assailed you on the If a Frozen Corpse suffers damage, 
bone bridge retreated to a forest after your remove its numbered token. At the end 
fight. You’re curious about what other of each round, each Frozen Corpse with 
strange creatures might be inhabiting the a numbered token is replaced by an 
place—and if you get to crush some of elite Shrike Fiend with no damage or 
the birds that escaped your wrath, all the conditions. These Shrike Fiends do not 
better. You run over the blowing tundra, act until the following round.
sprinting over mounds of hardened dirt 
and frozen shrub. You follow the birds’ 
path and head into the woods.

The Radiant Forest: a place suffused with 
divergent energy. You feel it as soon as 
you enter—a peculiar thinness to the air. Scenario Key Loot
Even the ground is odd, uneven, so it feels 
like you’re walking atop a wide, wobbling   x7 

Frozen Corpse
table. By its name, you had assumed these   x5 
woods were simply trees that somehow Harrower   x3 
gained a footing in this barren place, but Infester
now that you’re here, you can see they are   x2 
born of the same madness as everything Shrike Fiend   x2 
else.   x1 

Beyond the wind and the trees, strange Snow Door 1
lights flicker here as well, dancing in and 
out of the shadows. At first you take them Large Snow 
for torchflies, except the tiny orbs follow Corridor 4
you, curious almost, their multi-colored 
glows peppering the trees with iridescent Snow Corridor 3
hues. And yet, the strangest thing by far 
is the air—it’s warm. The trees, though 
situated only a short hike away from  Trap 5 1
the frozen coast, are completely free 
of snow, and the deeper you hike, the Snow Rock
warmer it gets, the air becoming muggy 3
and sulphurous, as if you’ve just been 
transported to some hunting ground far Tree 1
across the mountains to the south. It’s 
distracting, so much so that you almost 
don’t notice the voice calling to you. Treasure 1

“Oh, great warriors,” it says, whispery 
thin, “come to find us they have. Sneakers 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
40



33 • R2 Thawed Wood Into the Forest

  Radiant Forest

Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when three When door 1 is opened, read 20.1.   x8 
radiant stones have been found. At the Black Imp
end of that round, read 112.4.   x5 

Map Layout   x3 
Earth Demon

Introduction   x2 
The Radiant Forest: proof that map makers 16-B   x1 

Flame Demon
have a dark sense of humor. The forest,   x1 
you find, is quite the opposite of radiant. 
Instead, it is an overgrown tangle of 11-C Shrike Fiend
ancient trees and dense, knotted ivy. Each 
step you take is hard earned, requiring Cave Door
you to climb over slanted logs and high- 1
arching roots. What’s more, there is a 
particular weirdness suffusing this place.  and  

Trap 2
The creatures and insects chirp in foreign 
ways and even the ground feels somehow 
deranged, tilting at times, almost as if it’s Tree 1
bothered by your presence. And yet the 
strangest thing about this place is the air—
it’s warm.

Not long after you enter, the snow gives 
way to lush green underbrush and you 
find yourself removing your furs to avoid 
overheating. It’s an oasis, a balmy island 1
in an otherwise frozen wasteland, and 
so it should come as no surprise that the 
Radiant Forest is home to many creatures.

A dark blur whips toward you, razor-
sharp talons raking through the air. You 
dodge, more speeding shapes diving at 
you as you draw your weapons. You dive, 
and the attack pauses long enough for 
the aggressor to reveal itself. A lanky 
humanoid creature emerges from behind a 
tree. Its sinewy legs and arms are wrapped 
in dark-gray skin, and its upper body is 
covered in dozens of flapping black wings.

“Loud walkers, walking in my woods,” it 
says in a thin voice. “A meal for sharing 
and new skin to wear.”

Then the many birds perched on the 
creature’s waxy torso spread their wings 
and come at you.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
41