182.1 • And Then, a Stream (130)  182.2 • Ice Cave (111)

Conclusion You continue forward into a larger cavern, puppets and bringing it to me, but then you 
It’s too late to reverse what you’ve already still with a wall of ice down the middle. clumsy fools dropped it!
done, but you can’t see how enabling On both sides, you see a menacing Savvas 
Derrick to do more harm to the Algox will examining the mirror. “I cannot merge my forms with a cracked 
be beneficial for the outpost. You stash the mirror! I can’t do anything with a cracked 
gems in the cave and return to Frosthaven “Cracked!” It yells at you. “Do you have mirror except destroy the fools who 
empty-handed. There, you find Derrick any idea how long I have been trapped in couldn’t follow simple directions!”
sitting in The Crater with Nits and Narb, this accursed place? The mirror was my 
drinking the day away. only escape! You were being good little You’re pretty sure it’s talking about you.

When you approach and Derrick notices 
your lack of containers, his mood sours. Special Rules
“The gems?” He asks. Open both doors 1. Both doors 2 are of corresponding hexes at the end of 

locked. each round. The Shimmer collectively 
You give him a tale of how the Algox were finds one primary focus, and, for any 
so enraged, they sent out a huge party to The two Savvas Icestorms are the individual attack, if there is only an 
ambush you on your way back, and you Shimmer. They share HxC hit points enemy occupying a targeted hex on one 
barely made it out alive, bargaining the and all conditions, which are applied to side, that is the only enemy targeted, but 
gems for your lives. You subtly hint that it them simultaneously. Whenever they if there is an enemy in the corresponding 
might not be worth it to provoke the Algox have  at the start of their turn, they hex on the other side, both enemies 
like this. only suffer  1. are targeted. Whenever the Shimmer 

summons, it summons on both sides in 
Derrick looks very angry for a moment, The Shimmer performs all abilities the same corresponding hex if possible, 
and then his eyes well with tears. “I just simultaneously, making all movements but will otherwise summon in different 
can’t do anything right! Even when I try to (including forced movement) which are hexes.
find the best mercenaries I can, I just end valid on both sides of the map, always 
up with incompetents! I’ll never get invited occupying and targeting the same When the Shimmer dies, instead of a 
to the annual wine tasting in Vinneth!” corresponding hex or hexes. However, loot token, it drops a goal treasure tile in 

they ignore the occupancy effects each hexes it occupied.
The noble storms off, and you join Nits 
and Narb for another round. Over the next 
few weeks, you’re able to sell off the sun Section Links
agates for a tidy profit, though much less When either goal treasure tile is 
than what Derrick was offering. looted, read 147.2.

Rewards
2

Gain 5 collective gold for each 
token carried.

 182.3 • Old Coin
1

Square gold coins, crescent gold coins… 
there are plenty of long-gone civilizations 
who have left their mark. Unfortunately 
none of these are the coins you’re looking 1
for. Should still work fine in the shops, 
though.

Rewards
The looting character gains X gold, 
where X is how much gold one 2
money token is worth at L+1.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
182



 183.1 • The Tempus Forge (106)  183.2 • Lush Grotto (113)

Special Rules Special Rules Section Links
From now on, at the end of each If both tiles 4-C and 13-C have been When door 3 is opened, read 154.1. 
round until the altar in this room is revealed, replace the doors between When door 6 is opened, read 146.5.
destroyed, it performs  1,  all them with one large snow corridor.
characters,  5.

Goal

3
4

6

 183.3 • Visiting Trader  183.4 • Mail Call

“Ah, my best customers! Heh.” It’s the old “Okay, I’ve had it!” A Quatryl shouts as She slams a letter on the table in front of 
traveling merchant and his carriage full of she jumps up on a stool at The Crater, you. “That’s how you pronounce this?! Oh 
items of suspicious origins. He invites you Frosthaven’s premier drinking literal-hole- for Oak’s sake... FINALLY.” As she drops 
to poke through his inventory. “Same price in-the-ground. “This town ain’t that big, her backpack on the ground and starts 
as before, but even better value. No one’s how can it be that hard to find someone?” rooting around in it, you examine the 
going to come looking for these. Heh.” The Quatryl is fuming. “I swear, when I envelope. It’s from the famous mercenary 
He doesn’t elaborate, and you think better find them I’m gonna...” she trails off, angrily you wrote a letter to! You can’t believe 
than to press the issue. glaring around the room before hopping they wrote you back.

down and stomping over to the closest table.
“I dragged this stupid thing all the way 

Rewards You hear her asking patrons if they know back from White Oak for you.”
Each character may buy one item someone, but she keeps stumbling over the 
from the purchasable item supply pronunciation of the name. It’s butchered, 
for its listed price or one material but it sounds like it might actually be you. Rewards
resource for 7 gold. You raise a hand and she shuffles over, the Gain “Giant Sword” 206 .

picture of anger.

 183.5 • Alchemist Upgraded

The final stage of the alchemist’s lab is shoulder and gives you an equally stony smoke. Eros reels backward, and you 
complete. With its expansion, you can now look. “I’m researching poisons for a play quickly herd everyone out. It’s a good 
brew more advanced potions. Inside, you where two lovers scheme to kill their thing you told them to include ventilation 
encounter bubbling vats and worktables enemies.” Eros sniffs at your incredulous in the building.
covered in retorts and alembics. Among expression. “It won’t be real poison. I 
the glassware toil multiple residents of simply need the actors to appear sickly 
Frosthaven, including, oddly, the Savvas enough to convince the audience.” Rewards
playwright, Eros. Add items 059  to 065  to the random 

With a grandiose gesture, the Savvas item blueprint deck.
You never pegged Eros as an alchemist. squeezes an dropper into a vial. The potion 
Eros flips its long scarf across its stony promptly produces a puff of noxious 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
183



 184.1 • The Third Year  184.2 • Black Memories (121)  184.3 • Rumor of Vengeance

Whereas this was once a job for some The suit implodes, and you approach the You stop by The Crater to sample one of 
quick gold, something has changed cracked dome to discover the Mindthief the new seasonal brews, and you happen 
for your party over the last two years. trapped inside, fatally wounded. She to overhear some fur trappers gossiping 
Members have come and gone. Friends gazes calmly at the ceiling. nearby. They’re sharing rabbit stew and 
have found their dreams and retired from exchanging outlandish stories. One of the 
the hard life of a mercenary. Who among “I didn’t mean,” she says, “for it to happen stories involves a group of Vigil soldiers 
you remains? Are you even really the like this. Those guards. My fellows. I just who were discovered slain on the road to 
same mercenary group at all? wanted them all to understand . . . what Gloomhaven.

it was like. To be in a mind like mine, 
Somehow, through all the adventures, the caught in a body unsuited to them...” “What was the cause?” demands one of 
wins, the devastating losses... it feels like the trappers, eager to warm himself with a 
there’s still some core that has remained She forces herself to refocus on your long tale of bloodshed.
constant. That core camaraderie doesn’t face. “This power was supposed to be our 
just extend to your party, but flows to all protection.” Arms shaking, she removes The other trapper shrugs. “That was the 
the rag-tag peoples of Frosthaven toughing the helmet which powered the machines strangest thing. There were no other 
it out together. Perhaps it’s stubbornness. and helped her control the rats. “Will you tracks, not from a raiding party or 
Perhaps it’s the drive toward what the give it to them? The other Vermlings. highway robbers. And their wounds...”
next page in your story will bring, or the Please. My efforts must not go to waste.”
promise of just one more triumph. One “What about them?”
thing is certain, though... You take the helmet, waiting quietly 

beside the Mindthief until she’s gone. “They seemed to be self-inflicted,” says 
You wouldn’t have it any other way. You’re not sure if giving the other the trapper.

Vermlings the tech would be the best 
idea. Would they even want it? Yet it was Your mind drifts to the mind-control 

Rewards her dying wish. device you left in the hands of the 
Add events WO-48 to 56 to the Vermlings, and you take your brew and 
winter outpost deck, event WR-31 move discretely to a farther corner.
to the winter road deck, and event Section Links
SR-52 to the summer road deck. If you agree to pass along the technology 

to the Vermlings, read 166.5 now. Rewards
Gain 3 soldiers. Otherwise, read 9.2 now. Gain 3 inspiration.

 184.4 • The Tempus Forge (106)  184.5 • Fish King’s Ascension (77)  184.6 • The Collection (87)

Special Rules You have calmed the elemental energies of The Collector’s voice crackles in again. It 
From now on, at the end of each this realm. The plane collapses in on itself, seems to be coming from various metal 
round until the altar in this room is spitting you back into the ritual chamber. boxes in the corners of the ceiling. “Ah, 
destroyed, all monsters perform  The Fish King has rematerialized and is the polar bears. They showed potential—

 2, self. once again amassing chaotic energy around they’re hardy beasts, after all—but their 
his bloating form. This isn’t over yet. animal intelligence dulled my senses. And 

we can’t have that now, can we?”

2 Special Rules
Relocate all characters on tile 4-A 
to any empty starting hexes, or the 
closest empty hexes to a starting hex, 38
and relocate all character summons 
and tokens on tile 4-A to viable hexes 
closest to their character. Then remove 
everything else from tile 4-A except 2
the glowing orb.

The Fish King can now be damaged.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
184



 185.1 • The Dancing Iceberg (131)  185.2 • Ancient Coin

Just as you hope the onslaught will slow, not sure how much longer you can hold Xain has cornered you at the Boiled Crab 
more of the crafty Lurkers appear. You’re this perilous position. tavern. “Oh… Dinah is going to be so 

happy!” He is grinning ear-to-ear. “You 
don’t mind if I stick around while you tell 

Special Rules her, do you? I just want to see her smile. 
Spawn the following monsters at the listed locations based on character count: Y’know, I used to be married to her. Best 

14 hours of my life.” He sighs. “Truth is, 
Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters that woman puts the ‘irate’ in ‘pirate’. Just 

wasn’t meant to be, I guess.”
C and F: One normal A, C, and F: A, C, D, and F: 
Lurker Wavethrower. One normal Lurker One normal Lurker You sincerely doubt that Dinah Snapclaw 

Wavethrower. Wavethrower. has ever smiled in her entire life, but 
you’re not one to kick Xain when he’s 
pining for something. Dinah steps over to 

Section Links your table, picking something out of her 
At the start of the eighth round, read teeth. “What do you want, loaf?”

194.2.
Xain smiles, weakly. “That’s her 
nickname for me.”

Dinah spits on the ground. “Because 
 185.3 • Mining Camp Inquiry you’re a lazy oaf.”

The foreman of the mining camp powers Section Links Xain doesn’t acknowledge her comment, 
down an automated drilling system to  If you search Allya’s room at the motioning at you. “Go on, show her!” You 
better hear you. “Yeah, Allya came by barracks, read 179.3 now. hand Dinah Snapclaw the coin you found.
a few times throughout the night. 5:30, 
6:30, and 7:30, if I remember right. Makes If you search Barno’s room at the “Hmph. Yeah, that’s one of the coins 
sense to me, it’s about a half-hour trip each barracks, read 149.2 now. all right. Barty Half-Ear used to keep 
way, particularly with a cart full of metal. one just like it as a good luck charm.” 
What’s it to ya?” If you search Cecil’s room at the She shrugs. “What? You want a pat on 

barracks, read 166.1 now. the back? Mercenaries get paid, not 
Where will you go now? pleasantries. Get to collecting the rest of 

If you know who the killer is and don’t the treasure.”
need any additional investigation, read 

88.2 now.

 185.4 • Letter from 

“Mail call,” the Quatryl mail carrier off to a remote place like Frosthaven. bandits with a mercenary group called 
appears at your doorway with a sealed Where to begin...” the “Jaws of the Lion”. The Frozen Fist 
letter. Ever since the Frozen Fist left, says they want to travel farther south next, 
you’ve been anxiously awaiting word The note goes on to talk in great detail through the Red Desert to see the Valrath 
from them. You held significant fears about the many wild adventures the capital of Jhinda, but they fear it may be 
that the rest of the world would not be as Frozen Fist has gotten swept up in over too hot for their thick fur. They’ve been 
enthusiastic about meeting an Algox as the past season. They traveled to White having enough trouble as it is. Either way, 
the Algox would be about meeting the rest Oak, where they inspired, and then starred it seems like they’re having a blast and 
of the world. But now, here it is—a letter in, a play about Frosthaven. They met don’t intend to return north any time soon.
from the Frozen Fist! with the Inox clans of the Great Grove 

and somehow ended up on the front line 
“Friends,” it reads. “Sorry it has taken in their conflict with the Leysaw Logging Rewards
me some time to write. I have had quite Company. They went searching for Gain 3 collective .
an adventure in my travels, but it has not Aesther artifacts in the Lingering Swamp, 
afforded me much time to get a letter sent and then ended up in Gloomhaven to fight 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
185



 186.1 • Bolt (133)  186.2 • Furious Factory (109)

Special Rules You burst into the room and are shocked Suddenly, the docking clamps on them 
Do not set up pressure plate C for by the row of half-finished machines detach, and the machines lurch toward you.
two or three characters. neatly arranged in the center of the room. 

C

A

2 A

2

 186.3 • Guardian’s Temple (110)  186.4 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)  186.5 • Random Scenario

The altar and remaining columns go Derrick, Eros, and seemingly the whole of You hold up a shining metal key to the 
suddenly silent. You pause, hesitant the northern waste waits with bated breath light, a rainbow of colors glimmering off 
whether you should approach. Just as you for Nits to carry on with the tale, “And the surface of it, from green to yellow 
begin to inch forward, the altar fires a then?” to orange to blue. As you focus on it, a 
magnificent bolt of lightning into a nearby strange key hole appears in the air before 
wall, destroying it to reveal a room you “Hold on, which one of these are mine?” you, the outline of a door hazy and 
hadn’t realized existed. Inside, more He looks around at the assortment of mugs shimmering around it. You peer through 
dangerous creatures stir. on the table, “Did I drink this already, or the floating keyhole and see the same 

is it yours?” Eager to hear more, everyone landscape that surrounds you, but with 
You are so distracted by this, you hardly seated around him starts pouring their sunlight streaming through the clouds. 
have time to react when the last two ale in his mug until it overflows, and he’s Flowers adorn the ground instead of 
columns spark back to life. overcome with joy. “Aw... thank you,” he snow, and you can almost feel the warmth 

weeps. “I love you all!” passing through the invisible door. You 
press the key into the lock and twist, but it 

Special Rules “Just get on with it,” Eros urges. “What does not move. The illusion stutters, then 
Starting next round, the remaining happens next?” vanishes when you try to turn it with a 
two ice pillars are always active. little more force, and a crack splits down 

“Like the tears down my cheeks, the sky the side of the key. The key sizzles as it 
cried a single, fiery streak that knocked hits the frozen ground, steam rising up 
down bits of the heavens upon the reddened toward the sky. You carefully collect the 
snow, leaving many nearer to death.” key and wrap it. You’re not quite sure what 

happened, but perhaps there is some way 
to learn of its secrets.

Special Rules
All figures reduce their current hit 

75 point value to 1. Place three snow Rewards
rocks in any empty hexes on tile 15-A  New Scenario: 
(if able). Ruins of the Solstice 104

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
186



 187.1 • All Trials Complete

You return to the Hall of Revelry for your Valraths look at each other in shock, but eyes.” The Aesther looks at you with 
next trial, but when you approach the the Aesther looks at home. “Mercenaries! a wink. “But I am going to grant these 
stone bowl, it is empty. The strength you have shown in mercenaries powers like never before, 

completing my trials… impressive!” so they can spread the good word of my 
“Your trials are complete. Tholos has deeds…”
been appeased, and your gifts await!” The Valraths around the clearing drop to 
The Valrath who first greeted you stands their knees, bowing deeply. “Tholos! The 
proudly before you, joyous at your Granter of Favors, the Balanced Aesther! Rewards
accomplishment. “Please, be seated and You have blessed us with your presence!” Remove event SR-51 from the 
meditate on your—” summer road deck. 

“Yes, I have elected to bestow my favor 
With a burst of blue energy an Aesther in upon you in person. I love all of you Open envelope A and immediately 
ornate flowing garb steps out of a portal with equal measure, and all who have build its contents.
and into the center of the ornate hall. The completed my trials are esteemed in my 

 187.2 • The Lurker Problem (78)

Conclusion feel accomplished from your success of “When you do see him, let him know he 
The fishhook served you well, and with avenging trench-coat’s family. If that was owes me. Took all afternoon to varnish 
the final instructions complete, another really what he was after. Perhaps he wants the floor he soaked! That was precious 
boulder grinds aside. The steep tunnel spits the fishhook weapon. In which case, you naptime interrupted. Unforgivable!”
you out atop the basalt cliffs. At the edge, anticipate what bounty he may offer in 
you glance down at the structure becoming exchange. You wait around for trench-coat to 
submerged in the sea. Was it once the site reappear, but your enthusiasm ebbs like 
of a Lurker kingdom? Lost now to the Back at the town hall, you presume he’ll the smelly tide as you realize he won’t. 
ravages of time and tide? What had they be waiting to deliver your reward. You’re Looks like he’s stiffed you of that reward. 
once been, you wonder, to have designed already planning a night of festivities at the You’ll have to settle for the fishhook as 
something so complex and formidable? inn; of purchasing drinks for the house. a prize. And the begrudging company of 

Glint, whom you recite the whole tale to.
It seems a tragedy that they are scattered But there’s only Glint. Huge feet propped 
now, brutish. A nuisance for a wet wad on the counter, he squints open an eye and 
of instructions to clear away. Since deep says sleepily: “Trench-coat guy? Haven’t Rewards
thoughts don’t keep you fed, however, seen that sopping scoundrel since you Gain 10  each.
you push them aside and let yourself scurried off.” He growls under his breath, 

 187.3 • Burnt Shack Inquiry

The fire did a nice job obscuring anything to find a heavy metal chest hidden below You ignore the taunting and get back to 
of value—there’s even a safe you force that miraculously survived the fire. You work.
open only to find empty. The ignition point pry it open and find a tattered gambling 
for the fire looks to be a high shelf near the ledger featuring the name of some guards 
ceiling, perhaps a candle that burned down you recognize, most of which show Tarro Rewards
to light some lamp oil. The demon prince losing badly time and again. The most Gain 25 collective gold.
watches you work with amusement. recent entry from a week ago shows a win, 

though. It reads:
“Make sure to check behind the dresser, Section Links
might be some more ash back there,” he 25 gold and a gold Oak Charm:  If you ask Captain Olmstead at the 
says with a wicked smile. “Funny the The Mighty Three barracks for information on the guards 
way you’re spending the last hours in this in the ledger, read 117.1 now.
distasteful icebox.” There’s a small bag of gold coins, but 

the Oak Charm is nowhere to be found. If you ask around the barracks for 
Despite his taunting, you do a thorough “Oh, how exciting!” The demon claps information on the Mighty Three, read 
sweep of the place for clues. Sure enough, sarcastically. “Paperwork! Cracked the 113.2 now.
you crack through the burned floorboards case now.” 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
187



 188.1 • My Private Empire (107)

The far door swings open on its own power 
to reveal a well-appointed large ballroom. 
If you didn’t remember the tiring, 
frostbitten journey here, you’d swear 
you were at an opulent reception in the 
warmer, richer south. A bell hangs again.

Special Rules C 3
Open door 2. Door 3 is locked.

Section Links
The first time any character enters C, 
read 103.1.

2

 188.2 • Old Coin  188.3 • My Private Empire (107)

The handful of coins scattered on the floor Rewards Conclusion
will go toward a good meal at the tavern The looting character gains X gold, The shade vanishes, and suddenly the 
but won’t get you any closer to the Pirate where X is how much gold one music changes to a wistful aria.
Queen’s treasure. You’ll have to keep money token is worth at L+1.
searching. “You have honored me with your presence. 

The ball has been magnificent, and that 
is everything I wished for. Please, take 
what’s left of my wealth. I ask only one 

 188.4 • Accuse Allya thing: when you trade stories of your 
grandest celebrations, remember this gala, 

A portal opens and out steps an Aesther in for Cecil. Either way, I think it’s time to and tell your fellows of Ventillion.
an unusual hat. He pulls a pipe from his remind this plane about consequences.”
mouth and speaks up, “Hello. Sorry to pop “Now, I raise my glass to you. A toast 
by, saw there was something of a mystery Frosthaven isn’t willing to go without a in your honor, and to the Royal Court of 
afoot. Seems like you’ve selected the fight, though: Ventillion’s Empire. May you live well 
wrong individual.” and never cease dancing!”

The Aesther touches a scorch mark on the X  all With that, all animation has gone out of 
wall. “Cecil is the murderer, clearly—he where X is 40 if there are less than  the chamber. The lamps flicker, and you 
killed Tarro after the man refused to fifteen buildings built, or otherwise 70. feel a biting cold wind swirling down from 
return the Oak Charm Cecil lost in a game the outside. This place, once magnificent, 
of cards. Probably accidentally, wouldn’t Target buildings randomly by has moved on, and so must you. Whatever 
think it’s in his nature. The fire was just drawing from the building deck. strange sorcery this “Emperor” engaged 
to cover his tracks. Of course you needn’t himself in, you’re just glad this ended in 
even leave this room to determine the You finally manage to drive the prince your favor.
killer: the fire ignition point is a full head back. He laughs as he steps back through 
higher than either of the other two could a portal to his home—“An enjoyable fight, But first, you see a burgundy sack in the 
reach. It turns out the answer is elemental, but I have other matters to attend to. See center of the room, embroidered in gold 
my dear demon prince.” you soon.” with the letter “V”.

And with that, he hops back into a portal 
and is gone. The demon prince looks a Rewards Rewards
bit taken aback by the whole affair, but All characters start the next Gain any 5 collective material 
ultimately smiles. “Perhaps you were scenario with . resources.  
wrong, perhaps you were trying to cover Gain “Cup of Ventillion” 214 .

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
188



 189.1 • Town Hall Built  189.2 • The Tempus Forge (106)

“Bureaucrats! Nothing but forms and the janitors?” You let him know you’re Special Rules
stamps and a waste of my time!” An old mercenaries interested in work. “Eh. Slim From now on, at the end of each 
man trudges out of the new town hall into pickin’s in the North, huh?” You’re not round until the altar in this room is 
the snow, leaving the wooden door wide sure if he’s referring to the work or your destroyed, all characters gain .
open. You step inside to get a look around. group. He sorts through some paperwork 

on the countertop.
The interior is nicely appointed with the 
trappings of rural government: broad “Ah, here we go. Captain Olmstead told 
antlers are mounted high up the walls, and me to find someone to test out a few things 3
a tall countertop divides the room between next time they’re outside the walls. If you 
visitor waiting area and employees. want that, you’re welcome to try until 
Behind the counter stands an Inox with a something better comes in.”
monocle on a chain, reviewing paperwork. 
“Close the door. Got enough cold outside, 
don’t need it in here,” he says, without Rewards
looking up. Add events SO-59 and SO-62 to 

the summer outpost deck and event 
Eventually he sighs. “Alright, got business SR-38 to the summer road deck.
or just ogling? I’m Glint, the records-
keeper for Frosthaven. You must be... 

 189.3 • Xain Returns  189.4 • The Titan (123)

You respond to a warning call from the all the various ways I could make them Conclusion
main gate to see the haggard figure of vast amounts of wealth. On the day of the The energy of the core disperses in a 
an Orchid stumble up to the wall. He’s wedding, the mother just snapped. She violent blue explosion. You feel its heat 
wearing the tattered remains of some ill- started roaring and swiping at me, and I at your back as you race down the stairs 
fitting Algox ceremonial garb. You wave was forced to flee! My poor Algox bride’s and out the skull, shielding yourself 
Xain in. heart was rent anew, and I can still hear with a broken panel. With a jolt that 

her forlorn sobs...” nearly dislodges you, the titan halts its 
“I don’t know!” Xain exclaims when you stride. One foot raised, it begins to topple 
ask what happened. “I had accepted my backward.
fate, and was doing my best to ingratiate Rewards
myself with my new in-laws, telling them Gain 2 morale. You race over its shoulder and onto its 

torso as the vertical surface rapidly 
becomes horizontal. Your momentum 
keeps you upright, and you leap safely 
to the ground just as the massive robot 

 189.5 • Prison Break (99) descends. The machine connects with the 
ground in a chaotic halo of snow and dirt, 

Conclusion the lid of the box just enough to slip one and a profound crack sounds across the 
Gem waddles up to the sealed box you long crystalline finger inside. With a slow countryside.
recovered from the cell. She grabs it from exhale she settles into place, breathing 
your hands and nuzzles against the wood with measured practice. You’re only a few titan-strides from 
container. Frosthaven. Nearby, you spot a child 

The crystals along Gem’s back glow fishing on a bridge over an icy creek. A 
“Zu! My sweet, sweet Zu. What have they with a dull yellow light. After a moment splash from the robot’s impact has soaked 
done to you? Terrible!” She pops the lid she squints an eye open. “Well? What’re her head to foot. Her mouth is agape.
and a dozen bugs try to escape. She scoops you waiting for? Get a good handful of a 
them back inside with a “tut-tut” and crystal on my back and let’s get on with it.” You grin sheepishly and wave. Another 
addresses you. job well done?

“Alright, they’re a bit out of sorts after Rewards
being sealed away for so long. We’ll need Gain 10 gold each. Rewards
to send you into the Harrower’s hive-mind  Gain 1 morale and 1 inspiration.
to string it back together.” She cracks New Scenario: Inside the Swarm 100

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
189



 190.1 • All Challenges Complete  190.2 • Derelict Freighter (127)

Glint, the Inox records-keeper, looks “I can pay, of course, so long as you don’t Conclusion
strangely uncertain as you enter the town bring this up with Mayor Satha or Captain With one final heave, you lug the final 
hall. He refuses to make eye contact, Olmstead or... anybody, really.” He sees crate off the boat and onto the dock. You 
talking at any object in the room but you. the shock on your faces. “And, I almost, look up to see a Valrath man dressed in an 

uh, forgot. I also meant to give you...” he ashen cloak and one bronze gauntlet with 
“Listen, uh... I know that I haven’t roots around behind the counter. “This, sharpened claws waiting in front of you. 
always been pleasant to you.” That’s an because of you keeping your mouths shut “Thank you for retrieving my cargo.”
understatement. “But no one is really at about this little mixup. All right?”
fault for that, I think we can agree, and He turns and nods to some others behind 
I’m willing to put it behind us.” Glint him, who take the crates and load them 
tries to give a smile, showing the golden Rewards onto a sled for travel. You just stand there 
tooth that granted his moniker. You almost Add all discarded challenges back into dumbfounded, reconciling with the fact that 
appreciate him turning over a new leaf the available challenge deck. They no these were not the supplies for Frosthaven 
before he continues. longer earn town guard perks, but can you’d hoped for. You’re about to ask what 

still be performed for experience.  the crates are when the Valrath places a 
“Anyway, I need a favor. I may have sort large sack of money into your arms.
of lost the records of all those challenges Gain 1 prosperity, 20 collective gold, 
you did. So... I need you to do them again.” and one random item blueprint. “My suggestion is to burn the ship,” he 
He can’t be serious. says. “It’s really the only way to stop it.” 

He then takes off into the night, leaving 
your many questions unanswered.

 190.3 • Library Built You shrug. Sometimes, not knowing is the 
better choice.

In light of the recent attacks, all available over your party, then furrows her brow, 
capable labor has been sent to support “whatever it is you choose to treat well.”
town infrastructure. You pulled some Rewards
strings to get a cushy assignment helping She points to a stack of crates along the Gain rewards based on the 
out at the new library. Inside you find wall. “Shelve those. Follow the Damon number of crates looted. Rewards 
crates piled high and an elegant, put- Decimal System.” She starts walking are cumulative.
together Valrath stocking the shelves. She toward the back room, and without looking 
adjusts her red-rimmed glasses and eyes back waves a finger in the air, “Except 1: Gain 10 collective gold.
you with a touch of scorn. ‘Gemstones’—put that under ‘Orchid’.”

2: Gain 2 collective .
“Hmph, this is who they sent me? Very 
well. I am Eddica, your resident librarian. Rewards 3: Gain “Tri-Corner Hat” 195 .
I’ll be managing the growing collection If  EDUCATED, read 164.2 
here, and I trust you will treat these books now. Otherwise, read 143.2 now. 4: Gain 1 prosperity.
with the same care you treat…” she looks 

 190.4 • Puzzle Book

Crain grins and lifts up a large decaying “Yes! I’m excited as well,” Crain says. He riffles through the mosaic of 
book, one you recognize from the “That’s why I spent all night deciding on parchment and snaps up a small leaf. On 
catacombs. “Of all the texts I had a the best method to begin the translation. it, is a series of dots and dashes, a code if 
chance to peruse in those tunnels, this one The numerical system, that’s what I’ve you were to guess. “It’s their numerals. Or 
fascinated me the most, and I understand landed on. It’s quite different from any could they be ordinals? No no, definitely 
absolutely none of it.” I’ve studied, but once I untangle it, I numerals. Anyway, how about you give it 

should be able to move on to the letters.” a shot. A puzzle to fill the time between 
The book doesn’t look like much. It’s He pauses to consider something, then slaying and whatnot.”
bound in thin, tanned leather that’s so nods enthusiastically, convinced of it. 
worn that the corners have begun to peek “And how about you, friends? Care to take 
through. On the front cover are two words your luck with the old pen and paper?” Rewards
inscribed in faint, black ink. You raise a Open the puzzle book to the first 
skeptical eyebrow. page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
190



 191.1 • Tome of Time  191.2 • Pirate Queen’s Haul (137)

Eddica requests the party group together The passageways twist nonsensically, but Distantly, you hear exultant laughter. By 
in the center of the hardwood floor, away Dinah seems to have a preternatural sense the time you arrive in the next cave, Dinah 
from the shelves, “just in case.” She does of direction. Occasionally, she darts ahead has thoroughly aggravated a school of 
a dry-run of the casting making heavy to wiggle through a small space, or taps piranha pigs and rangy bears.
reference to the page, then looks up to you. her blade against walls, or sniffs the air.
“Here goes! Temporialius wrinklae!” Perhaps she’s a touch mad, too.

“When you’re out on the high seas,” she 
She’s visibly excited and you can’t help tells you, “you have nothing but the stars 
but feel that the flourish in her hand to lead you. And one other thing. This.” Section Links
movements isn’t strictly necessary. After She raps her head with her knuckles. “The When door 2 is opened, read  
a moment of stillness a haze wraps around only noggin you should trust.” 112.2.
the party—the sensation is almost as 
though you exist both now and a few Her tail lashes, her expression darkening. 
seconds ago. She smiles and grabs a pen: “Should’ve known Barty was a bad egg. 
“Tell me everything, how does it feel?” One of our first excursions, he sailed us 

right into a maelstrom. I’d been warning 
him all night that the air felt wrong, shifty. 

Rewards Wouldn’t listen. While we bailed or clung 
In the next scenario, each character to the rigging, he stood at the wheel and 
returns any number of ability cards belted out a shanty. Mad as a one-eyed 
in their discard pile to their hand at loon, that one. Persistent, though!”
the end of the first round.

Dinah freezes suddenly, ears tilting 2
Gain “Tome of Time” 217 . forward. “D’you hear that? Variable 

echoes, water falling.” She leaps into a 
Do not resolve an outpost event side tunnel that you would’ve overlooked. 1
this week.

You smile, following. You may know 
another pirate you’d call persistent. 

 191.3 • Ruins of the Equinox (105)

You open the door, and immediately 
the wind stops. Your relief is short-
lived, however, when you encounter the 
sweltering heat in the next room. Yes, 
pools of lava bubble up around you, but 
the whole area feels like the intense rays 
of the sun are shining down upon you as 
well, despite this being a cave.

Special Rules
Place the  token in the strong 1
column of the element board, where 
it now can be infused and consumed 
as normal.  is now considered to 
always be strong.

From now on, at the end of each 
round, all characters suffer  1.

Place one numbered token in each 
hazardous terrain hex. These can be 
looted as normal and then placed on 
the looting character’s mat.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
191



 192.1 • Job Posting  192.2 • Midwinter Brawl (93)

“Alright, yes, I understand!” Satha, the To carve away the cold and pull it from its Conclusion
mayor of Frosthaven, is surrounded by a bed. Retrieve the Relic.” Yoglang turns and hugs you all. “You 
group of a dozen people clamoring for her are friend of Yoglang and friend of the 
attention outside her cabin. Most unusually, The others speak in eerie unison: “Free the Algox,” she says. “Those vermin had no 
they’re still dressed in their nightclothes, Relic. Retrieve the Relic.” Satha narrows place in the north. They are too small.
oblivious to the weather. Satha catches your her gaze in uncharacteristic concern. 
eye and waves you over. With an exasperated “I noticed you had an eye on the food we 
sigh, she asks the crowd to fill you in. Another townsperson speaks up, a prepared for the meeting,” she continues. “I 

nervousness about him. “It said… it said it will teach you how to make our best dish, 
A young woman in a nightgown with wouldn’t let us sleep until we freed it. You so that you can stay warm in the snow.”
bloodshot eyes speaks up. “We had a have to help us. You’ll help us, won’t you?”
dream. A bad one, all together. Cogs, 
spinning… the fog of darkness mixed with Rewards
the pull of fear. It’s all jumbled up, but the Rewards Gain “Roasted Fowl” 079  blueprint.
machine is calling. It needs someone to New Scenario: Relic 79
go there, out on the ice. To free the Relic. 

 192.3 • Lurker Necromancy (118)  192.4 • Lustrous Pit (108)

Conclusion delicately the Aesther tucked the amulets Deeper still you go into the caves, and 
When the Lurkers and undead are into their bag. They had implied the are confronted with yet more images of 
defeated, you help the Boneshaper gather amulets should be destroyed, but had they the demons. How could anyone create a 
up all the different amulets. Holding them said as much outright? Will the temptation monument to such terrors? But the tone 
fills your mind with sickly, syrupy energy. to use their power prove too great? of the murals has changed. The demons 

are now no longer ominous, towering 
“You’ve done well today in helping You pass near the graveyard and eye it figures, but are shown to have come to 
me prevent this scourge,” says the warily, wondering if somewhere, in another live in harmony with the lands, planting 
Boneshaper. “If you will allow me, I can plane, the dead are growing restless. crops and building structures.
take it from here.” You hand over the 
amulets, relieved to have them in more 
knowledgeable hands.

Rewards
After thanking you, the Boneshaper bids Gain “Amulet of Eternal Life” 066  
you goodbye, blinking out to another blueprint. Trade all numbered 
plane. It is not until you’re well on your and lettered tokens in for loot 
way to Frosthaven that you consider how cards.

3

 192.5 • Temple Built

Even an outpost as industrious as Frosthaven The wind rustling the leaves moves 
needs a place of solitude. The Temple of the your mind from the bustle of living to a 
Great Oak has become a sanctuary for all, its meditative plane, where your thoughts and 
sacred gardens and walkways encompassing instincts pass by without consequence. 
a young oak tree which is said to distribute 
divine blessings—for the proper donations, Once you leave, you feel refreshed, ready 
of course. to face the new challenges Frosthaven may 

present to you next.
You meet with the Temple’s Head Keeper, 
a human who folds his hands in his 
sleeves and will occasionally break off Rewards
conversation to stare contemplatively Add event WO-73 to the winter 
into space. After showing you the tree, he outpost deck and event SR-43 to the 
leaves you alone to rest before the boughs. summer road deck. Goal

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
192



 193.1 • Enhancer Built  193.2 •  Returns

The enhancer projects an aura of mystery outpost’s more unusual residents. “If You are called out to the main gate 
into Frosthaven’s streets. A tent of you’re ever in need of a little strangeness,” because “some mass of bugs is asking for 
indigo-hued canvas on the outside and she says, as if reading your mind, semi- you”, as the messenger put it. You head 
embroidered silk tapestries on the inside, transparent teeth glinting in a smile, “you out to find the Geminate shifting back and 
the enhancer will use gold to provide know where to find me.” forth in agitation.
enhancements to your abilities.

They finally settle into one form and 
In the smoky enclosure, you encounter Rewards speak. “We cannot stay. We cannot linger. 
Voice-of-Eight, the unified being Add event SO-63 to the summer We must get far away as quickly as 
composed of eight different Aesthers outpost deck and event WR-44 to possible.”
who come and go depending upon their the winter road deck.
needs and whims. Specifically, you see The Geminate briefly shifts, hissing out, 
Nera, studiously in the midst of preparing “They are doomed!” And what can only 
spell components for customers. Nera’s Section Links be described as creepy laughter. It quickly 
dark eyes sparkle with pleasure at your If you have completed Forgotten shifts back.
entrance. She seems to be settling into Circles, add 118.3 to the calendar 
Frosthaven comfortably, though she in three weeks. “Half of us is not ourselves. There is some 
and the others are certainly one of the corruptive influence in the Radiant Forest. 

It holds sway over our kind there. It brings 
back memories... terrible memories of the 
young earth, when our kind fought against 

 193.3 • The Titan (123) themselves to hold back that which would 
devour the world.”

Special Rules
When any character ends their turn The Geminate again begins to shift 
occupying pressure plate A, it is back and forth wildly. You ask for some 
permanently activated. A clarification, but it can’t retain a consistent 

form long enough to respond.

“We must flee... escape its influence... it is 
coming... will devour everything...” The 
Geminate takes flight, buzzing swiftly to 
the south, away from Frosthaven.

Rewards
3 Gain “Into the Forest” campaign 

sticker, if not already gained.

 193.4 • Metal Depot Built  193.5 • Old Coin

The pavilion over the metal depot is scrap, which might become weapons for You scoop up a handful of gold coins, 
complete, providing you a location to the guard.” He says this loudly, but drops but they’re unfortunately not the ones 
sell excess ore and minerals. Some may his voice and confesses, “It’s also a way you’re looking for. You’ll put them 
remain in Frosthaven to be crafted into for me to work off some steam after I’ve toward a drink at the Tavern to lighten the 
useful building materials and goods, and spent all day shouting at half-wits.” He disappointment.
some may be transported south and sold. offers a pair of tongs and asks if you’d like 
At the depot, you run across Captain to hold some scrap while he hammers it, 
Olmstead. but you think it wise to leave him to it. Rewards

The looting character gains X gold, 
Out of uniform, he’s working up a sweat, where X is how much gold one 
hammering pieces of molten metal which Rewards money token is worth at L+1.
a bemused blacksmith has relinquished. Add events WO-72 and WO-74 to 
Seeing you, he wipes his brow on his the winter outpost deck.
sleeve. “I’m testing the endurance of this 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
193



 194.1 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  194.2 • The Dancing Iceberg (131)

The only thing of interest here, besides There is a rumbling, and the large Lurker leader, and if you can take her out, the 
the unfriendly wildlife, is the half-eaten you saw conducting the others climbs others will surely make a run for it.
corpse in the far corner. up onto the platform. This must be their 

Special Rules
1

Goal 1 Spawn one elite Lurker Clawcrusher at iceberg. Its maximum level is 5, even if 
B. This is the Lurker Conductor. It has playing on scenario level 6 or 7.
CxH/2 hit points (rounded up), a weight 
of 2 (as does its body once it dies), and From now on, at the start of each odd 
is immune to , , and all forced round, spawn the following monsters at the 
movement except the effects of the listed locations based on character count:

Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

9 E: One normal  D: One normal  D: One normal  
Lurker Soldier. Lurker Wavethrower. Lurker Wavethrower. 

E: One normal  E: One elite Lurker 
Lurker Soldier. Soldier.

 194.3 • Job Posting

The Crater is a burned-out pit where the old a Quatryl unhitching barrels of thick go up to the Imperial Mountains, that it 
tavern used to stand. The building and its brown liquid off a donkey, and an old man would grant them their dreams and then 
proprietor met their ends in the attack that wrapped tightly in a dirty cloak scribbling some. Never made it, as best as I can tell.”
happened when your band of mercenaries furiously in a journal. As you walk by, he 
first arrived in Frosthaven, and despite the flips it quickly shut. He pauses, getting a far-off look in his 
resources now being available to rebuild, eye. “But I miss them. Maybe it’s the 
no one seems to be in much of a hurry. A “Trade a drink for a legend?” He taps two drink, or maybe it’s the cold, but it’s about 
few tarps have been strung up between the withered fingers on the table, encouraging time someone finished what they started.” 
remaining studs of the building and the you to join him. Intriguing enough. You He tears a page out of his journal and 
environment has shifted from an actual pass your canteen over to him and he takes pushes it across the table, dropping your 
business into a gathering spot for the a long pull. canteen on top of it as a paperweight. 
populace. Extra furniture, mis-matched “That’s a map. Follow it or not, but I’m 
glassware, and an expectation you bring “The name’s Mulbrynn, but the story done mourning.”
enough drink to share has made it into a is about a group of explorers not unlike 
friendly place to unwind, for as long as you yourselves. Found an idol stronger than 
can stand the wind and cold. they were, something dark and powerful.” Rewards

A wind whips through The Crater, and New Scenario: 
Tonight’s visit has a few people swapping he pulls his cloak up to protect his neck. Temple of Feline Power 132
stories around a metal drum full of coal, “Started talking to them, telling them to 

 194.4 • Harrower Library (101)

Section Links
Return to 126.2 to reference its 
special rules, if necessary. #

@

2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

194



 195.1 • Belara’s Keep (135)  195.2 • Furious Factory (109)

At last, the area up ahead seems to be Special Rules
stable, and you are able to rejoin your All power conduits A represent 
companions. You discover, however, that laser spires. The laser spires cannot 
this is also Belara’s inner sanctum. The Goal be moved or destroyed, but can be 
Savvas stands before you, ranting in a rotated around A by targeting them 
language you don’t recognize—if it even with character’s attacks. Whenever 
is a language. The fire bolts it throws at a laser spire is attacked, regardless 
your head make things perfectly clear, of the damage, rotate it 60 degrees 
however. It is time to lay Belara to rest. around A such that its other hex is one 

hex farther away from the attacking 
character. If the hex the laser spire 

Special Rules would rotate into is not empty, it cannot 
Open both doors 2. The newly be rotated in that direction.
revealed room is not in either plane, 
and there is no longer a restriction on During ordering of initiative each 
the number of characters present in round, reveal one Boss monster ability 
each plane. 2 card. On its initiative, apply the 

corresponding effects:
The Savvas Lavaflow is Belara. It has 
(HxC)/2 hit points (rounded down) and Initiative 36: Rotate each laser spire 
is immune to . All Flame Demons 2 clockwise (if able).
it summons are elite for three or four 
characters, and all Earth Demons it Initiative 52: Rotate each laser spire 
summons are elite for four characters. counterclockwise (if able).

Boss Special 1
All characters and character summons 

 195.3 • A Growing Problem (124) adjacent to a laser spire suffer 
hazardous terrain damage.

You enter into the final room and see an Special Rules
amazing machine before you consisting Remove all overlay tiles from tile 9-A 
of hundreds of interwoven, spinning so they can be used to grow the ice Boss Special 2
rings. A word tickles the back of your clusters on the new map tile. Each laser spire emits a laser, starting 
brain: Temportal. That’s what this is, a at A, moving through its other hex, 
Temportal. Colors that you never dreamed and continuing out in a straight line of 
of play out against its surface, and a hexes until it hits a wall. All figures 
buzzing that you can actually taste fills the occupying hexes in the path of any 
air. Is it... peanut butter? laser suffer hazardous terrain damage, 

and for the rest of the round, these 
But something seems off about the way hexes are treated as hazardous terrain 
the rings are spinning. The taste in your 2 that is not ignored by figures moving 
mouth caused by the sound is cloying through them with Flying or Jump. If 
rather than pleasant, and your skin starts any hex is in the path of two different 
to itch the closer you get to the device. lasers, hazardous terrain damage is 
Intuitively, you know that you need to get suffered twice.
the amulet to the Temportal and shut it 
down. The small army of guardians that 
fill the room do not intend to make that 
easy for you.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
195



 196.1 • Hall of Revelry Built

“Have you met the Aesthers in your The Valrath has finished his tea, and he it. “Drink deeply and you will know your 
travels? Fascinating gods. They were born hands the empty cup over to another of task. I know not what he will ask of you. 
like you or I, but then they were torn from his conclave’s members with a thankful They are unique for each of us, and their 
this world, scattered against the infinite nod. “But we have found the greatest of mystery is beyond the bounds of our 
planes. They had to gather themselves the Aesthers. The one who would hear prediction.”
back up through sheer force of will. Can our cries and grant our dreams. Tholos, 
you even imagine the power of their the Granter of Favors. For he can see your You look at him with a level of concern, 
resolve? The ones who returned were the desires, and he is generous to those who and he smiles warmly. “All I can say is 
ones who focused: those who concentrated prove their worth through his trials.” that should you complete them all, your 
on a single, driving aspect of themselves reward will be worthwhile. Good luck.”
to coalesce their being. For Bastian, it was He smiles, rising from his seat. “That is 
hate. Others it was the thrill of the hunt. why you are here. To complete his trials 
I have heard of one who seeks only the and receive his impossible gifts.” The Section Links
enigma of mystery across all of time and Valrath leads you to a small stone bowl If you are playing Frosthaven solo, 
space.” on a raised platform at the far end of the read 155.4 now. Otherwise read 

hall. It burbles a sweet-smelling steam 145.2 now.
despite no discernible source of heat below 

 196.2 • Trading Post Upgraded

The trading post is an odd sight today: this! It’s ridiculous! I’ve got a lot of demeanor. “Say, you don’t happen to 
a massive pile of birdseed nearly blocks friends, you know. Friends in high places!” know any Shrike Fiends who understand 
the entrance to the shop. Its reluctant currency, do you? This could be an 
proprietor, Xain, and the Quatryl mail Squabbles, perched in the rafters of the amazing opportunity to make a Shrike 
carrier are arguing outside. tent, speaks up in a pitch-perfect rendition FRIEND…”

of Xain’s voice: “BWAK! Crates of 
Despite being half Xain’s height, the mail birdseed. So many crates! Fill your cart, I 
carrier has a voice that carries. “I don’t know can pay! BWAK!” Rewards
what scam you’re trying to pull this time, Add items 147  to 155  to the 
Xain. You ordered it weeks ago—I heard it Realization crosses Xain’s face and he available item supply. 
with my own ears! So I dragged it up that narrows his eyes at the rainbow parrot. 
mountain, through the pass, and now you’re “You did this. I’m going to—hey… wait a In addition, add any of the following 
gonna pay for it!” She wrests a coin purse second…” items you have unlocked from 
out of Xain’s arms and walks off in a huff. Gloomhaven: 17, 35, 47, 51, 62, 74, 77 

With a snap of his fingers an idea has to 82, 117 to 119, 127, 129, and 131.
Xain shouts after her. “I never ordered formed and he turns to you with his suave 

 196.3 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

Conclusion hands grabbing and shaking you with Rewards
Nits suddenly goes silent, and then his admiration, and you can’t help but take Completed seven or less 
eyes widen, as if remembering something. pride in all you did. embellishments: Gain 1 morale.
“Holy Oak, that’s the end! I mean, it may 
have been dire straits, but the foes came You call for another round of ale, and Completed eight to fifteen 
to realize there are levels to combat, and Eros stands, a tear in its eye. “That was embellishments: Gain 2 morale.
they just weren’t up to par with our heroic truly the most marvelous story I have ever 
mercenaries.” heard.” Completed sixteen or more 

embellishments: Gain 3 morale 
Nits laughs heartily, “You should have Dirk, err... Derrick slaps you on the back and “Befuddling Mug” 215 .
seen them tuck tail and run, tumbling over and laughs. “We can talk about that job 
each other!” later. For now, let’s just enjoy the night, 

my amazing fellows!” Section Links
The ground shakes as the entire Add 100.3 to the calendar in three 
Crater guffaws and applauds. You feel Yeah, that’s very true. You are pretty weeks.

amazing.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

196



 197.1 • Howling in the Snow (0)

Drifter: You are all about playing cards Deathwalker: You use special types of Blinkblade: You are a melee attacker 
that stick around for a certain number tokens called Shadows. After you place with the unique decision of going fast or 
of uses before becoming lost, and then Shadows, your ability cards will let slow at the start of each round. Each of 
squeezing extra uses out of them. Try you move them around the map, attack your cards have fast and slow initiative 
playing Crushing Weight early to get an enemies adjacent to them (even if you’re values, as well as a host of modifiers to 
extra +2  on your melee attacks, then far away), or even teleport between them. your abilities, depending on whether you 
jump into the fray and alternate between Once you have a lot of Shadow tokens on are going fast or slow. Understanding what 
your more traditional melee attacks and the map, you are a powerful and flexible each action does when going fast or slow, 
melee attacks like Sustained Momentum class. But be careful—it takes some time and knowing when to go fast and when to 
or Bloodletting that will let you move the to build up, and you may not be as strong go slow, is the key to success.
token on Crushing Weight back one slot. early on.
That means you get to keep that +2  Try setting up combos: go slow one round 
bonus for even more attacks. If you start to The top of Call to the Abyss is a good to be last in initiative order, then go fast 
get too close to the final space, play cards long-term card for getting Shadows out in the next round to be first. One example 
like Relentless or Unbreakable to buy throughout a scenario, but if you don’t is pairing the top of Sap Speed and the 
yourself even more uses. expect to move very far, try combining the bottom of Temporal Displacement while 

bottom of Call to the Abyss with the top of slow, then follow up with another big 
You can create different builds for the Eclipse on your first turn. An instant four round of attacks by using the top of Power 
Drifter based on which persistent cards shadows to work with will help you make Leak and the bottom of Twin Strike.
you choose to play. After getting the hang short work of the first room. Then you can 
of Crushing Weight, explore your other move some of those Shadows to the next Geminate: You have two different forms, 
persistent abilities. You can even try using room with cards like Dark Fog or Black and some of your cards will force you 
multiple ones at the same time. Barrage. Some of your cards will let you to switch between them. Your first form 

remove Shadows for powerful effects— focuses primarily on multi-target melee 
Boneshaper: You are a ranged support just be sure not to remove too many. attacks use area of effect patterns. Your 
class that makes extensive use of other form focuses on more traditional 
summons. You’ll eventually have many Banner Spear: You are a melee class ranged attacks, except your enemies have 
summons, and the more of them you that can make big attacks, assuming to be at least a certain distance away. Try 
play, the stronger cards like Flow of the you have an ally in the correct position. setting up combos across the different 
Black River and Command the Wretched Teamwork, good communication, and forms. Pair Into my Embrace with a slower 
become. Planning ahead to make sure your a clear strategy are all very important initiative card to go late, pull an enemy 
summons are positioned in the right places when playing your cards. You may often close, switch forms, and then go early next 
is key. find yourself choosing later initiatives round to hit them with Icebound Quills.

so you can more easily position yourself 
One of your core summons is the around your allies, or pairing your attacks While you have a lot of powerful lost 
Shambling Skeleton. Unlike a lot of with actions like the bottom of Regroup actions, it is important to make your two 
summons, Shambling Skeletons go to to let your allies get into position. Then hands stay similarly sized. If you switch 
your discard pile when they die, not your you can unleash actions like the top of forms, and that form doesn’t have enough 
lost pile. Once one is in your discard pile, Unbreakable Wall. cards to play, you will be forced to waste 
you can recover it during a short or long that turn long resting and switching back.
rest, or you can use actions like the top of Your allies aren’t the only help you 
Malicious Conversion to re-summon the get, though. You also have a number of 
skeleton card straight from your discard summons you can use to pull off your 
pile. But be careful—you take damage attacks. Pay special attention to the bottom 
each time you summon a Shambling of At All Costs. It is a summon whose 
Skeleton. movement you can always control. It takes 

its turn just before you, so put it in the 
perfect position to set yourself up for big 
attacks. And if it dies, you can just bring it 
back after you rest. 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
197



2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.