99 • A4 Prison Break
  Design and writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals Section Links Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all The first time two characters 
enemies in it are dead and the goal simultaneously occupy both pressure 01-H
treasure tile has been looted. At the plates A at the end of a turn,  01-C
end of that round, read 189.5. read 127.3.

Introduction 13-C 05-A

It’s been six days of marching through 
the snow with Gem as your guide. The A 01-B
too-old Orchid hasn’t suggested the bitter 
cold has any effect on her, but the sheer 01-E

weight of crystals grown on her body over 
a lifetime has meant the trip, which should 
have been two days at most, has taken the Loot Scenario Key
better part of a week. She finally takes a   x10 
seat on a rocky outcropping and points a Frozen Corpse
heavy finger at the stone doorway in front   x2 
of you.   x4 Robotic 

  x2 Boltshooter
“Well, this is the part I’m paying for. 
Prison is just this way, I trust you’ll have   x2 Steel 
no trouble whatsoever. It would be a true Automaton

surprise if any of the guards lasted this 
long!” She settles in, humming to herself. Metal Door 1

The stone door’s lock has long ago rusted Pressure Plate
away, and the chamber beyond is dark and 2
silent—no one has disturbed this for what 
feels like centuries. You wonder what kind  Trap 3
of prison this even is. 1
You find a sconce and light it. By some Rubble 3
unseen mechanism, the fire jumps across 
the room, lighting the area in a warm glow. Stairs
The prison has a high ceiling with a third- 4
story catwalk, and illuminated before you 
is a massive cell door, shut tight. Ice Pillar 4

Before you can deal with the door, though, 
you’ll need to deal with the guards, which Treasure 1
are not as long-dead as you had hoped. So 
much for this being an easy job.

Special Rules
Door 1 is locked.

All figures on any tile 1 treat all 
figures on tile 13-C as in range and 
line-of-sight for any ranged attack. All 
monsters on any tile 1 do not move off A
their tiles unless forced.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
122



100 • A3 Inside the Swarm
  Design and writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all Place each character’s entire pool of 
enemies in it are dead and the goal available ability cards (not just their 
treasure tile has been looted. At the hand size) into a set-aside deck next 04-C
end of that round, read 147.1. to their character mat. Each character 

then selects any two of these cards to 
form their starting hand.

Scenario Effects 03-D

Each character adds two  cards to Whenever any character rests or 09-A
their attack modifier deck. would lose a card to negate damage, 

instead of losing a card, they add 01-C 01-F

any one set-aside card to their hand. 
Introduction In addition, whenever any character 

If your body is here, it is limp. Warm, plays a lost action, instead of losing 
milky darkness washes over you in waves. the card, they discard it and also add Scenario Key Loot
You open your eyes, forcing them open any one set-aside card to their hand.   x15 
with all your willpower. No, they’re still All  actions still place the card in Burrowing 

Blade
closed. You open them again and again. the character’s lost pile as normal. All 
Never re-closing them, just opening them abilities that recover lost cards instead 
over and over and... no, you can see. It’s an move cards from a character’s discard Earth Demon

icepick of clarity that scrapes against your pile to their set-aside deck.
spine. You can see everything, forever. It’s Lurker 
too much. You want to cry—to shed tears at If any character would add another Mindsnipper

the enormity—but your eyes are still shut. set-aside card to their hand while at 
their maximum hand size (including Shrike Fiend

“Focus! Concentrate on what you know,” cards in their hand, active area, lost 
Gem’s voice is a harp: slow, deliberate pile, and discard pile), they become Snow Door
plucks that center you. “Imagine your exhausted. 2
strength, what makes you you. The rest 
will come back with time.” You remember. Large Snow 

Corridor 4
You’re here to stabilize the swarm. Keep it Section Links
calm. You have purpose. And the voice... When door 1 is opened, read 141.3.
the voice is a friend?  Trap 6

“You’re reaching too far. Just concentrate Rubble 2
on yourself. Focus on your strength. 
We need to build up your subconscious 
without waking your conscious mind.” Bookshelf 1
You picture your arms, your legs. Your 
body, just as you remember it. And as 
suddenly as you recall, it is here. Ice Pillar 7

“Good! We’ll need to reach the core of the Metal Cabinet 1
Harrower’s mind. It is pure; there is no 
harm here except what you bring with you. 
Purge your mind and—” Treasure 2

Harm. You remember harm. You 
remember your strength, striking down 1
harm. And as soon as you recall it, 
it too is here. A sigh permeates your 
consciousness, and you hear her voice 
again: “Please be careful... I don’t want to 
have to gather more mercenaries.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
123



101 • O3 Harrower Library Into the Forest

  Radiant Forest Design and writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when C+4 When door 1 is opened, read 126.2.   x8 
swarms have been absorbed by Zu. At When door 2 is opened, read 194.4. Algox Archer
the end of that round, read 137.4. When door 3 is opened, read 171.3.   x3 

  x3 
Algox Guard

Introduction Map Layout   x3 
You push past wrought-iron gates into   x1 

Algox Priest
what was once an ornate entrance hall, but 07-E   x1 
today just barely provides a bit of shelter   x1 
from the storm outside. Carvings, too Dungeon Door 3
intricate to have been made by human 13-E 15-C 05-A
hands, adorn the broad wooden doors, 

Cave Corridor
coalescing into sublime patterns now 1
worn away with time. The iron hinges are 01-H
smashed in, and the door hangs lopsided— Large Cave 

Corridor 2
the fabled Harrower Library you were 
looking for is in disrepair.

 Trap 6
“It wasss a place of reverenccee onceee.” 
Zu, the Harrower you rescued from prison, 
shuffles toward the door. “But it hasss the 4 Rubble 6
ansssswers we sseeek.”

Ice Pillar 2
Gem turns to you. “In any case, we’ll 
need to collect whatever remains from the 
resources here at the library. Harrowers Metal Cabinet 4
aren’t like you or I—they’re many smaller 
creatures that have agreed to work in 1
unison. A library for them doesn’t have 
scrolls or books, but rather deposits of 
themselves. A Harrower can subsume 
what’s in these receptacles and learn all 
that the depositor knew. Here are the 
remaining memories of the Harrowers 
who locked Zu away and drove the rest of 5
us to the far reaches of the continent. They 
will know where to find our companion.”

The unmistakable sound of angry Algox 
down the hall interrupts your conversation. 
Gem brushes off a stone bench and 
sits down, folding her crystal-covered 
arms. “Well, I’ll let you fine mercenaries 
deal with that. Sounds like more guards 
stationed to thwart our plans. Best of luck 
and all.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
124



102 • R7 Into the Black
  Imperial Mountains Design and writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals that your guilt is your only companion.” Map Layout
The scenario is complete when the Gem pauses for a long time, unsure if she 
Savvas Icestorm is dead. At the end of should continue.
that round, read 142.3.

“I told you we used to adventure together. 
Zu, Barlet, and I. But there was a fourth... 

Scenario Effects what you today call a Lurker. Ripple 
Each character adds one  card to was the best of us. We took a job, and 
their attack modifier deck. we chose... the wrong path. We were 

manipulated, and it wound up with Ripple Scenario Key Loot
dead and the rest of us outlaws. We 

Introduction   x15 
couldn’t show our faces anywhere. Zu Chaos Demon

You find Bartlet, the last surviving was imprisoned, and I hid. Bartlet... poor, 
member of Gem’s mercenary group, sweet Bartlet just gave up. Exiled itself. 
slumped in the corner of an unassuming Wandered into the mountains and sat Frost Demon

cave, right where Zu said. The mood is down here. I’ve been searching for my old 
more somber and less celebratory than you friend ever since.” Living Spirit
expected.

The Harrower, Zu, bows their head. 
Gem strokes her hand over Bartlet’s “And what now thattt we have found our Night Demon
unconscious forehead. “A Savvas is companionnn? There cannot be much life 
granted all the life it will ever have leffft in Bartlet at all... it hasss been too Savvas 
the day it’s born under the Copperneck long.” Icestorm
Mountains. From then forward, their lives 
have a finite energy, and when they take Gem reaches out one of her hands and Wind Demon
their last step, they return to being just the extends a crystalline finger. She places it 
rocks they once were.” She taps her finger gently, delicately against the temple of the Large Dungeon 
against Bartlet’s forehead, but there’s no resting Savaas, and then with surprising Corridor 2
response. strength pushes her long, sharp digit into 

the creature’s skull until her finger is Any Other Tile 55
“Oh sure, they can top off some dribs embedded down to the knuckle.
and drabs by eating some rocks, but the 
reality is that every step they take, every “What now? Now they go in and put its Treasure 2
spell they cast, every word they speak—it mind to rest. Find the Savvas in there 
marches them closer to the end of their and help it move on.” She looks back at 
lives. Macabre, really. Could you imagine? you, all business, and encourages you to – Continued on next page.
Knowing you have just a hundred fifty hold one of the sharp crystal protrusions 
years, give or take, and everything you do on her back. “What are you waiting for? 
counts against it? That’s why a Savvas’s Grab on.” You pick one that seems stable 
life is so focused, they know they have enough—and just like that, it’s done.
to make the most of the little time they 
have.”

Gem stops for a moment, and when she 
continues speaking, there’s a line of 
wetness under her eyes. “By that same 
token, if a Savvas were to just stop 
moving, to think no more thoughts, and 
just settle where it sat… well, it could 
live for a very long time. And I can think 
of no Savvas that would want more to 
never think again than poor Bartlet. It’s 
a kind of torture, really. To live with just 
the faintest trickle of a thought, knowing 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
125



102 CONT. • Into the Black

Special Rules
Any character may spend 1 movement way are considered corridors. As new Set the numbered tokens next to the map. 
point to place one 1-hex corridor or ice tile hexes are added, consolidate existing 1-hex Use the round track to track the number 
adjacent and connected to the map such tiles into 2-hex tiles, if necessary. The of new hexes added to the map. Whenever 
that it is within  3 of them. These tiles border around the map is not considered each fifth hex is placed, reset the track 
represent new hexes, which increase the a wall line at any time, and range can be and consult the appropriate chart:
overall map size. All tiles placed in this counted across gaps in the map.

Hexes Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

5 Place one numbered token in the Place one numbered token in the Place one numbered token in the 
newest hex. newest hex. newest hex.

10 Spawn one normal Night Demon at the Spawn one normal Night Demon at the Spawn one normal Night Demon at the 
newest hex and one elite Chaos Demon newest hex and one elite Chaos Demon newest hex.
at the numbered token. at the numbered token.

15 Place one numbered token in the Spawn one elite Living Spirit at the Spawn one normal Night Demon at the 
newest hex, then spawn one normal newest hex and one normal Living newest hex and one elite Chaos Demon 
Night Demon at each numbered token. Spirit at the numbered token. at the numbered token.

20 Spawn one normal Living Spirit at the Place one numbered token in the Spawn one elite Living Spirit at the 
newest hex, then place one treasure tile newest hex, then spawn one elite Night newest hex and one normal Living 
(numbered 85) in either numbered token. Demon at either numbered token. Spirit at the numbered token.

25 Spawn one elite Savvas Icestorm at Spawn one normal Living Spirit at Place one numbered token in the 
the newest hex and one normal Chaos the newest hex and one normal Night newest hex, then spawn one normal 
Demon at either numbered token. Demon at either numbered token, then Night Demon at either numbered 

place one treasure tile (numbered 85) token.
in the other numbered token.

30 Spawn one normal Night Demon at Spawn one elite Savvas Icestorm at the Spawn one normal Chaos Demon at 
both numbered tokens. newest hex. the newest hex and one normal Night 

Demon at both numbered tokens.

35 Place one treasure tile (numbered 57) Spawn one normal Chaos Demon, one Spawn one normal Living Spirit at the 
in the newest hex. elite Living Spirit, and one elite Night newest hex, and place one treasure 

Demon at any starting hex. tile (numbered 85) in either numbered 
token.

40 ———— Place one treasure tile (numbered 57) Spawn one elite Savvas Icestorm at 
in the newest hex. the newest hex and one normal Chaos 

Demon at either numbered token.

45 ———— ———— Place one numbered token in the 
newest hex and spawn one normal 
Chaos Demon, one elite Living Spirit, 
and one elite Night Demon at any 
starting hex.

50 ———— ———— Spawn one normal Night Demon at 
each numbered token.

55 ———— ———— Place one treasure tile (numbered 57) 
in the newest hex.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
126



103 • R8 The Lead Door
  Imperial Mountains Design and writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when C+2 Each ice pillar has (Lx2)+4 hit points. They Tokens Spawn
ice pillars have been destroyed. At the are enemies to you and allies to all monsters. 
end of that round, read 158.2. Whenever any character ends their turn 0 to 5 One normal Living Spirit

adjacent to any ice pillar, damages one, or 
suffers damage themselves, add one damage 6 to 8 One normal Shrike Fiend

Introduction token to their character mat. This represents 
Gem stands over her Savvas friend stress on their mind. 9 to 11 One normal Living Doom
Bartlet. Zu the Harrower paces the icy 
cavern, casting concerned glances over At the end of each round, if any ice pillars 12+ One elite Living Spirit 
their shoulder as Gem prepares to send suffered damage that round, spawn the following and one normal Lurker 
you on another trip into the Savvas’ mind. monsters at each character’s location based on the Clawcrusher

number of damage tokens on their mat:
“You’re certain you saw the door? 
Describe it to me!” You recount having 
found a lead door at the bottom of a chest Section Links Map Layout
when you were last in the Savvas’s head. When door 1 is opened, read 30.4. 01-H

When door 2 is opened, read 11.7.
The old Orchid seems satisfied with your 09-B
description. “The truth is I brought you 
here not to solve some terrible blight on Scenario Key
this world, but merely to give one person 
a bit of comfort in their time of passing. Living Doom

09-C
If you’ve discovered a door as securely 
hidden as you describe, you’ve found 01-B
where Bartlet is keeping its most painful Living Spirit

thoughts—the demonic tormentors of 1
its mind. You’ll need to break apart the Lurker 
scaffolding holding those dark memories Clawcrusher

together.”
Shrike Fiend

Zu interrupts: “Bartlet doessssn’t have 
muccch time leffft.” Dungeon Door 2
Gem nods. “Right. You’ll be entering 
the deepest recesses of the mind: a jail Large Dungeon 

Corridor 2
cell of Bartlet’s own making. It has been 
tormenting itself for centuries.” Large Metal 

Corridor 2
The Harrower exudes a nervous energy. 
“Ssssend themmm!” Ice Pillar 6
Gem takes a deep breath, then thrusts her 
finger into the Savvas’s skull. She turns to Loot
you as the process takes hold. “Bring the   x15 
whole place down. Release Bartlet from its 
demons... and please don’t go mad in the   x1 
process.”

You grab a crystal on Gem’s back and 
plunge into a creature’s mind for the last 
time.

2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

127



104 • E5 Ruins of the Solstice
  Design and writing: Ryan Schoon

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when one All hexes to the left of any A in When door 1 is opened, read 164.3.
goal treasure tile has been looted. At the scenario are considered to be in 
the end of that round, read 10.2. spring, while all those to the right are 

considered to be in winter. Each door Map Layout
and A is in neither season.

Scenario Effects
Each character gains . All figures in spring consider  to 16-C

always be strong, while all figures 
in winter consider  to always be 

Introduction strong. If some monsters of a set are 09-B
You show the key you found to many within one season, but others are 
people within Frosthaven, but none are not, only those in the corresponding 
able to offer any insight into the strange, season benefit from the elemental 
cracked key. That is, until you stumble consumption effect. 07-E
upon an ordinary locksmith, who gives 
you your first clue. The locksmith tells you At the end of each round, each Earth 
a story in hushed whispers—a story about Demon or Forest Imp in winter and 
a cult known to experiment with forging each Frost Demon or Savvas Icestorm 
keys; a cult that fled to the frozen north to in spring suffers  1.
avoid others interfering with their work. 
He doesn’t know much, but he describes a 
mural that the first travelers into the north Scenario Key Loot
made note of. It isn’t far from here, and the   x10 
mural may give you a lead as to how to use Earth Demon Dungeon Door 2
that key.   x3 

  x3 
The mural, as it turns out, is painted Forest Imp Snowdrift 6

  x2 
on the side of a massive rock wall. The 
images on the stone depict the traditional   x1 

Frost Demon Tree 2
symbols of spring and winter - on one side,   x1 
the bountiful harvest and, on the other, 
desolation. Where these two warring Savvas 

Icestorm Treasure 2
murals meet stands a cracked outline in 
the shape of a door. You may have missed 

Wind Demon
it completely, but for the fact it begins to 
glow as you approach. On cue, the key 
you have kept close at hand begins to glow 
as well, first green, then blue. The door 1
swings open. Perhaps there are answers 
waiting on the other side of this door.

A

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
128



105 • H11 Ruins of the Equinox
  Copperneck Mountains Design and writing: Ryan Schoon

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when Place the  token to the left of tile When door 1 is opened, read 191.3.
all enemies in it are dead and C+2 7-E so it lines up with row A. At the 
numbered tokens have been looted. At end of each round, all characters and 
the end of that round, read 165.1. character summons, in right-to-left Map Layout

order, in the row to the right of the 
 token are forced to move one hex to 

Scenario Effects the right. The  token then cycles to 16-C 07-E 02-C 02-I
Each character gains . the next indicated row: A to B, B 

to C, or C to A.

Introduction All figures in this room consider  to 
The key alternates between a yellow and always be strong.
an orange glow as you insert it into the 
mysterious door at the back of the cave. 
You turn it, and the door swings open. Scenario Key Loot

  x10 
Immediately, a strong gust rushes out of Earth Demon Dungeon 

Corridor 4
the doorway, almost knocking you off   x3 
your feet. And dry, dead leaves—so many 
leaves—swirl around you. You push your Flame Demon Large Dungeon   x3 

Corridor 3
  x2 

way in to find a force of guardians who 
don’t seem happy about your presence   x1 

Rending Drake  and   
Trap 6

here. You have to face them and the strong   x1 
winds at the same time.

Savvas 
Lavaflow Lava 6

Wind Demon Rubble 6

Dungeon Door 1

A

B 1

C

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
129



106 • M5 The Tempus Forge
  Design and writing: Ryan Schoon

Scenario Goals Special Rules Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when the Each altar in the scenario has    x7 
Blacksmith is dead. At the end of that (L+2)xC/2 hit points (rounded down). City Guard
round, read 179.4. They are enemies to you and allies to   x2 

all monsters.   x4 
Earth Demon

Introduction   x2 
Door 5 is locked and will unlock 

You slide the key into the mural on the when all four altars have been   x2 
Flame Demon

rock, and the ground beneath you begins destroyed.   x2 
to rumble. The rock moves away from you   x1 
to reveal a winding staircase spiraling Frost Demon
down into the earth. You descend and Section Links
marvel at the paintings drawn on the stone When door 1 is opened, read 8.1. Wind Demon
walls. They depict a wide variety of people When door 2 is opened, read 184.4. 
throughout time, each of them holding When door 3 is opened, read 189.2. 
up a glowing key—the same key you are When door 4 is opened, read 183.1. Dungeon Door 5
looking to forge. When door 5 is opened, read 29.2.

 and   
You can hear the forge before you see it: Trap 2
it is a massive construction of iron and Map Layout
stone surrounded by demons. At the head Lava 3
of the forge you see a blacksmith—a 
massive figure that looks vaguely human, 10-B

but something is off. He growls and points Snowdrift 5
at you as you enter the forge, snarling 02-A 07-E 02-K
something. You can’t quite make it out, 
but there is no mistaking his intent. These Tree 1

02-C 02-I
creatures don’t want you here, and if you 
want to reach the forge, you’ll have to fight Altar 4
your way to it.

The demons disperse and a massive iron Treasure 1
gate slams down over the entrance to 
the forge. You look around and see other 
alcoves to explore. You can only hope they 
hold the key to getting inside.

5

1 4

2 3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
130



107 • J10 My Private Empire
  Copperneck Mountains Design and writing: Tyler Sigman

Scenario Goals meet you directly, but please see yourself Section Links
The scenario may be complete only at in and the festivities will begin. I shan’t be The first time any character enters A, 
the end of the same round when one of long. Oh, and do bring your weapons.” read 168.4.
the five episodes is overcome. At the 
end of that round, you may read  With that, the bronze portal unlocks and 

177.5. Or if all five episodes have swivels open. A well-cut marble stairway Map Layout
been overcome, read 188.3. leads down into the darkness. You enter, 

unwilling to turn back after coming so far. 
The air is musty and dank. Nobody has 

Introduction 16-C 13-E
been through here in a long, long time.

The peculiar invitation was too interesting 
to pass up. Clearly, the only way to resolve Magical lamps blaze to life and you find 
the mystery of the letter from this   yourself in a grand chamber with vaulted 01-B

 “Ventillion” is to see it through and search ceilings. It’s expertly hewn out of rock 06-B
for the fanciful estate. and bedecked with ornate fixtures, grand 

mosaic tiles, and sprawling crimson velvet 01-D

At the apron of the Whitefire Woods, you drapery along the walls. A servant’s bell 
follow the map’s instructions to the letter: hangs from a velvet rope in the center of 10-B
await the fading sun, square yourself to the room.
the four cited landmarks, and then look 
for the shadows of the nearby peaks to 
converge on a supposed path through the Special Rules
foothills. You enter the brush, first seeing Door 1 is locked. Loot Scenario Key
nothing other than the dead bracken you’d   x10 
expect this time of year. Throughout the scenario, there will be Flaming 

five episodes. Whenever any episode   x3 Bladespinner

But then, something peculiar! It is well is overcome, you may choose to   x3 
camouflaged by untold years of fallen complete the scenario at the end of Living Bones

  x1 
branches and detritus, but a man-made that round. If you do not, the scenario 
path is undeniable—bricks laid out in a continues as normal and cannot be   x1 Living Doom
beckoning order, winding and twisting completed again until another episode   x1 
into the mountains. It takes many hours is overcome.   x1 
of hard-fought traipsing, requiring an Living Spirit
even mix of hurdling, crawling, and the If all five episodes are not overcome, 
occasional axework, but the energy is not whether the scenario is completed or Robotic 
hard to find because you know you’re onto lost, it can be attempted again after Boltshooter
something. returning to Frosthaven.

Ruined 
Machine

In the fading light, you find yourselves 
at a plateau. The brick path opens into Steel 
a wide, crescent-shaped courtyard on 
surprisingly level ground. The floor is a 1 Automaton

colored stone mosaic in the style of the Dungeon Door 3
Southern Kingdoms. At the center of this 
crescent is a towering marble block with 
an inset door made of bronze. It features a Metal Corridor 2
golden knocker shaped as the letter V. You 
dust yourself off, shake out the cold, and 
rap the knocker. A Bookshelf 2

From a brass pipe just above the door Metal Cabinet 2
echoes a tinny voice: “Welcome, my 
friends! I knew you’d come. I’ve waited so 
very long for you. My apologies that I can’t Sarcophagus 2

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
131



108 • C12 Lustrous Pit
  Copperneck Mountains Design: Jeremy Kaemmer; Writing: Chris Handley

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all four All non-Flying move abilities are 
goal treasure tiles have been looted. At reduced to at most 2 movement points 
the end of that round, read 136.2. and ignore any bonus movement 16-B

or Jump. All featureless hexes are 
treated as icy terrain, but they are still 

Introduction featureless for the purpose of placing 11-B
Where could this primitive painting be overlay tiles on them. Movement from 
depicting? Days go by before you find a icy terrain will stop when entering 
familiar-looking valley. You compare it traps or closed doors, but after a trap is 11-D 04-A

to the painting, and it matches fairly well. sprung or a door is opened, it becomes 
About the valley are great, curved cliffs, icy terrain for subsequent movements.
as if a mighty hand clasped the landscape. 
After a moment to rest and wash, you set 
about searching for signs of the people that Section Links
once lived here. When either door 1 is opened,  

read 140.1. 
It doesn’t take long to find the wide mouth When door 2 is opened, read 165.5. 
of a cave at the base of one of the cliffs. When door 3 is opened, read 192.4.
Immediately upon entering, you notice 
that the stone walls are covered with 
paintings similar to those on the slab. 
Around you are all manner of murals Scenario Key
depicting demons, and not as warnings, 
but venerating them. Ice Wraith  and  

Trap 6 Snow Rock 5

You jump as the wind outside howls, as 
if recalling the guttural tongue of the Snow Imp Ice Spikes Large Snow 

4 Rock 4
demons, and you press on deeper, looking 
for more clues as to the nature of this Cave Door 4 Rubble 4 Treasure 4
place, which seems to be encased in a 
thick layer of ice. But the warmth of your 
lantern and the heat of your flesh has  and  

Trap 6
attracted the chill denizens of the cave. 

But this opportunity is too enticing. 
Here you are on the edge of something Loot
truly exciting—communications from   x15 
an ancient age. You resolve to explore 
a bit and see if you can’t find some   x2 
mural fragments you could take back to   x2 
Frosthaven for study.   x2 

  x1 
  x1 
  x1 

Goal
1 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
132



109 • C8 Furious Factory
  Crystal Fields Design and writing: Conrad Oakes

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when the The glowing orb cannot be moved or 
Central Processor is dead. At the end destroyed.
of that round, read 67.2.

Each metal cabinet B in the scenario 12-A
has (2+L)xC/2 hit points. They are 04-B

Introduction enemies to you and allies to all 08-A
You follow the blinking red dot to the monsters.
location of the factory and enter through 04-D
some sort of access tunnel leading into Set up the Boss monster deck and 12-D
a mountain. At first, you determine it is initiative token.
abandoned, but then, you listen closer and 
realize there is a faint whirring coming 
from the walls. You explore further into Section Links
the facility, and come across a large room The first time any door is opened,  Loot Scenario Key
with a giant crystal in the center. read 195.2.   x11 

When tile 12-D is revealed,  Ancient 
Artillery

In front of the crystal is a control read 166.3.   x2 
panel, which you approach to When tile 12-A is revealed,    x4 Flaming 
inspect, but as you do so, the crystal read 186.2.   x1 Bladespinner
suddenly glows red and turns toward When tile 4-B is revealed,  
you. A mechanical voice booms read 162.1.   x2 Ruined 
throughout the room: “INTRUDERS When tile 4-D is revealed,  Machine

DETECTED. ACTIVATING DEFENSE read 172.5. 
MECHANISMS.” When all four metal cabinets have Steel 

Automaton
been destroyed, read 72.3.

Great, another ancient machine center Dungeon Door
angry at you. You draw your weapons, 3
but an energy field projects over the 
crystal, and alarms start to blare. You Metal Door 3
look down and see power cables snaking 
from the central console to four separate 
antechambers. Perhaps if you follow these Debris 6
and stop the sources of power, you’ll be 2
able to get out of here in one piece. Glowing Orb 1

3 Power Conduit 6

Metal Cabinet 4

4 Treasure 1

1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
133



110 • R6 Guardian’s Temple
  Imperial Mountains Design and writing: Drew Burmahl

Scenario Goals seem like much of a match for this new to emerge from a hatch behind the altar. 
The scenario is complete when all six barrier or the columns, but maybe you can Those little things certainly can make quite 
ice pillars have been destroyed. At the find another way to destroy them. a blast when they are destroyed, so a plan 
end of that round, read 80.3. begins to take shape in your mind. Perhaps 

Looking around the room, you see a few you can make this work.
old malfunctioning machines have started 

Scenario Effects
Each character gains  twice.

Special Rules
At the start of each round, two ice summons treat electrified hexes as 

Introduction pillars become active in the following negative hexes.
Meditating on the directions in your head, order: both A, both B, both C, 
you venture far into the Imperial Mountains repeat. All active ice pillars electrify the Whenever any Ruined Machine dies 
and arrive at the stone face of a cliff. At four water hexes and two corridor hexes while adjacent to an ice pillar, the pillar 
first, you think this was all a fool’s errand, closest to them. is destroyed. All ice pillars cannot be 
but then you see it: a wedge-shaped hole destroyed any other way or moved. 
in the rock directly in front of you. You Whenever any character or character Whenever any destroyed ice pillar were 
insert the keystone, and the rock beneath it summon starts their turn occupying an to become active, nothing happens.
fades away, revealing an archway into the electrified hex or enters one with a non-
mountain with the keystone at the top. Jump, non-flying movement, they suffer At the start of each round after the first, 

hazardous terrain damage. Whenever spawn one Ruined Machine at D. It is 
You proceed down the tunnel, and the any Ruined Machine starts their turn normal for two characters, elite each 
cave eventually opens up into a much occupying an electrified hex or enters second spawning for three characters, or 
bigger room than you expected. Giant one, it performs  1, self. All character elite for four characters.
rock columns surround a weathered altar 
holding a scroll. You see a few enemies, but 
it shouldn’t be too difficult to retrieve the Map Layout Section Links
scroll and make an escape. When four ice pillars are destroyed, 

01-F read 186.3.
You are about to jump over a pool of water 
between you and the altar when the entire 16-C
room suddenly sparks to life. Giant bolts 
of electricity begin flying out of the center 
of the columns, surrounding the altar in 
an electric force field. Your weapons don’t 

Scenario Key Loot
C A

Living Doom Large Snow   x6 
Corridor 6   x2 

  x3 
Living Spirit Large Water 4   x2 

Ruined   x1 
Machine Water 4 B D B

  x1 

Shrike Fiend Glowing Orb 1

Cave Corridor 1 Ice Pillar 6

A C
Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
134



111 • O1 Ice Cave
  Design and writing: Scott Hathaway

Scenario Goals You must get through this together, but to Section Links
The scenario is complete when all add another wrinkle, the cavern fills with When either door 1 is opened, read 
characters have escaped. At the end of echoing howls as hounds and demons 182.2.
that round, read 174.4. emerge from the depths.

Map Layout
Scenario Effects Special Rules
Each character gains . No more than half the characters 11-D

(rounded up) can start the scenario on 
the same side of the ice wall. Set any 

Introduction numbered token next to the map. 16-B 15-B
Following the mirror’s guidance, you begin 
your journey. The expedition depicted in Each room or set of rooms is 
the reflection sends you far, far to the north, symmetric, such that each hex has a 11-B
into the absolute coldest temperatures corresponding hex on the other side of 
imaginable. the ice wall. Figures cannot teleport 

from one side of the wall to the other.
The weather is brutal, and you become fairly Loot Scenario Key
certain this mirror is sending you to your At the end of each round, all characters   x10 
doom. But then you see an outcropping in and monsters apply the following Frost Demon
the snow up ahead. An entrance to a cave. effects simultaneously based on the   x1 

occupancy of their corresponding hex   x3 
You descend into a cave of pure ice, but the on the other side of the map: Hound

  x3 
sight of treasure inside warms your soul. 
You step forward to claim it, but suddenly If occupied by an enemy, suffer  2.   x2 

Night Demon
collide with… nothing? You reach out and If unoccupied, suffer  1.   x1 
feel a smooth, transparent wall of ice. If occupied by an ally, perform  1, self. 

Savvas 
Icestorm

You look to the mirror for guidance, but all If any character becomes exhausted,  
it reflects back to you is your face—dead, the scenario is lost. Wind Demon
rotten, and worm-ridden. You shout with 
surprise, and the mirror falls from your 
hand, cracking when it hits the floor. You Cave Door 4
feel something crack within you as well, 
and everything goes black.

Cave Corridor 2
You awaken groggily to find yourself 
alive, but the mirror is gone, and with it,  Trap 6
the treasure. The wall of ice now appears 
reflective, showing yourself also standing 
up, trying to shake off the pain. Ice Pillar 4

But something is off. This reflection doesn’t 1 Large Snow 
quite move like you. It doesn’t quite look Rock 2
like you. No, as more of your mind awakens, 
you realize the reflection is your companion, Ice Wall 4
trapped on the other side of the ice. 1
You jump forward, looking for a way out, Large Ice Wall 4
but when your companion does not follow, 
you feel an intense, icy burning, and you see Treasure
they feel it as well. Only when they return to 2
your side does the pain diminish.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
135



112 • FR Raised by Wolves
  Frosthaven Design: Isaac Childres; Writing: Crystal Mazur

Scenario Goals stone and moss, and worm-like creatures Section Links
The scenario is complete when all with bladed appendages. This must be When door 1 is opened, read 97.1.
enemies in it are dead. At the end of the wolves’ home, now overrun with 
that round, read 30.3. unwelcome guests. Time to clean house.

Map Layout

Introduction Special Rules
You stare at your ceiling in the dead of The two Hounds have twice their 
night, the tiny howls keeping you awake. maximum hit point values. They are 15-B 07-A 14-B
Come on, Wolfie, you think to yourself, allies to you and enemies to all other 
silently pleading with the tiny pup, who monster types. Any character can lose 
remains unaffected by your misery. one card from their hand or two from 

their discard pile to negate one source 
The wolf cub you found hasn’t stopped of damage to a Hound. If either Hound 
since coming home, chewing on dies, the scenario is lost.
everything, running around non-stop, 
and howling at every sound. You know 
Wolfie is just as miserable as you are. You 
finally give in and take Wolfie for a walk 
outside. You wander through the streets of Scenario Key Loot
Frosthaven, watching Wolfie sniff around 
before moving to the next area, running Burrowing   x8 

Blade Water 6
to keep up. As you get to the border of the   x1 
outpost, Wolfie bolts through a gap in a   x3 
nearby wall. Concerned, you follow. Chaos Demon  Trap 3

  x5 
The pup leads you into a nearby field,   x1 

Earth Demon Snow Rock 5
where two adult wolves are waiting.   x2 
Their body language suggests they are 
not friendly, and they move protectively Hound Treasure 1
in front of Wolfie and growl. Could they 
be the wolf cub’s parents? You put your Cave Door 2
hands up reflexively and kneel, trying to 
make yourself nonthreatening.

Suddenly, Wolfie bolts out from behind 
both of the adult wolves toward you, 
leaping into your arms and licking your 
face. That seems to be enough to calm the 
larger ones down, and they walk up to you 
and sit. As you calm Wolfie, you notice 
both wolves are staring off into the distance, 
then looking at you, then gazing off again. 
It’s as if they want you to follow them. 1
You nod and motion for them to lead 
so you can help. All three wolves start 
walking in the same direction slowly, 
allowing you to keep pace. They lead you 
to a cave, but stop outside. You peer inside 
the cave and the largest wolf gives a quick 
bark in affirmation. You head in and find 
it crawling with large creatures made of 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
136



113 • G9 Lush Grotto
  Whitefire Woods Design: Isaac Childres; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all four Throughout the scenario, only read a 
goal treasure tiles have been looted. At section if it has not yet been read.
the end of that round, read 47.4. 13-C

04-C
Section Links 06-A

Introduction When door 1 is opened, read 154.1. 
Exploring the grotto, the stirring beauty 02-E 07-B

When door 2 is opened, read 112.1.
of the place compels you to lay down and 
rest. You resist the sensation. Sleeping in a 
mystical place does not typically end well. Loot Scenario Key
It occurs to you that the thriving flora   x8 
here could be harvested. Climbing a white Chaos Demon
tree whose fruit resembles figs, but are   x4 
sapphire-hued, you pluck a few. You are   x2 
so focused on your task, however, that you Forest Imp

  x1 
don’t notice when the bird calls cease. At 
least, not at first. You turn to look out over   x1 

Polar Bear
the forest. 1   x1 

  x2 
A dark creature roams, its head scraping Snow Door 6
the canopy. It hasn’t noticed you yet. It   x2 
looks wrought from roots, if roots were Large Snow 
composed of smoke and ash. It makes a Corridor 1
keening sound, which is answered further 
out. You realize the grotto is full of them, Log 2
these demons. You consider the appeal of 
fleeing.

Snow Rock 6
But from this vantage point, you can 
also see the glades and their promising Tree
offerings. Guarded by these creatures, the 2
valuable plants will just have to be fought 2
for. You descend quietly, and prepare to Treasure 4
face them. 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
137



114 • O7 Work Freeze
  Design and writing: Joe Homes

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when C+4 Doors 1 are locked. detonation charge is dropped, it cannot 
ice pillars have been destroyed. At the be picked up again.
end of that round, read 125.3. Each ice pillar in the scenario has 

(Lx2)+2 hit points and  L/2 (rounded All hexes with dropped charges are 
up). They are enemies to you and allies considered negative hexes. They can be 

Introduction to all monsters. targeted by character attacks and can be 
Pinter Droman’s explosives are affected by abilities that cause enemies 
surprisingly light. You hike up the pass to Set the numbered tokens next to the to suffer damage. If a dropped charge 
the demolition site, where the enthusiastic map. These represent detonation charges. suffers any damage or any figure enters 
tinkerer hopes to create a new shortcut on Any character occupying or adjacent to its hex, the charge detonates, causing 
the road over the mountains. You head to any A can forgo a top or bottom action all figures and objectives occupying or 
the spot marked on the map, where you (discarding the card instead) to gain one adjacent to its hex to suffer  (Lx2)+4. 
find a natural stone plateau that could detonation charge and place it on their A carried charge will also detonate in a 
indeed lend itself to wagon travel... were it character mat. Each character can only character’s hex if the character carrying 
not for the heap of fresh landslide rubble carry one detonation charge at any time. it suffers any damage from attacks.
perched directly in the path.

Any character can drop a detonation At the start of each listed round, spawn 
You drop your packs of explosive charges charge at any time during their turn the following monsters at the listed 
and begin to loosen the straps, but a howl (including during movement), placing it locations based on character count:
interrupts your work. A pack of wolves in an adjacent empty hex. Whenever any 
poke their heads out of hiding, and a polar 
bear emerges from behind a large boulder. Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
You were warned about the aggressive 
wildlife in the area—this is why you were 2, 4,  C: One normal C: One elite Hound C: One normal Polar 
chosen for the task, after all—but as more 6, etc. Hound Bear
and more animals appear, you realize 
there’s no end in sight; you’ll have to do 3, 5,  D: One normal  D: One elite  D: One normal and 
your work while fighting off the locals. 7, etc. Snow Imp Snow Imp one elite Snow Imp

Luckily, you figure the explosives you 
brought will work just as well on beasts as 
they do on rocks. Section Links

When both ice pillars B have been 
destroyed, read 159.1.

Scenario Key Loot
A D B Map Layout

  x10 
Hound

  x3 1
  x4 

Polar Bear 1 13-A 13-C
  x1 
  x2 

Snow Imp 1
B

Snow Door 3

Rubble 3
A C

Ice Pillar 6

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
138



115 • O8 Pylon Problems
  Design and writing: Joe Homes

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete at the end Each ice pillar has L+3 hit points. suffer trap damage. If all seven ice 
of the tenth round. At the end of that They are enemies to both you and all pillars have been replaced, the scenario 
round, read 33.4. monsters. All character summons cannot is lost.

focus on ice pillars.
At the start of each listed round, spawn 

Introduction Whenever any ice pillar would be the following monsters at the listed 
You’re not sure what kind of desperate destroyed, it is instead replaced with locations based on character count:
merchant would want to take this route, rubble, and all figures in adjacent hexes 
but you have to admire the beauty of the 
place as you hike the pristine wilderness Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
path meant to become a shortcut through 
the Frozen Pass. The “road” is barely wide 5 Each A and B: One Each A: One normal Each A and B: One 
enough for a single wagon, but Pinter normal Algox Guard Algox Guard elite Algox Guard
Droman’s construction crew has done an Each B: One elite 
admirable job of making the way passable, Algox Guard
if still dangerous.

8 Each A: One normal Each A: One elite Each A: One elite 
At last, you arrive at your destination. The Algox Snowspeaker Algox Snowspeaker Algox Snowspeaker 
cleared road hugs a tight curve around Each B: Two normal Each B: Two normal Each B: Two elite 
the base of a cliff, over which hangs a Snow Imps Snow Imps Snow Imps
precipitous rocky ledge that threatens to 
collapse on any traveler foolhardy enough 
to pass underneath. Map Layout Scenario Key Loot

  x8 
Droman sent you here to protect his crew’s 11-C Algox Guard
work: a half-dozen or so metal pylons that   x3 
stretch up from the ground to support the Algox   x3 
ledge and make the road passable. You 13-A 02-G Snowspeaker   x3 
understand now why the tinkerer sent you; 
it’s clear that losing any of the rickety   x1 

Snow Imp
structures could trigger a collapse that   x1 
would require weeks to dig out. You’re 
meant to repel any attack by a local group Large Snow   x1 

Corridor 6
of Algox raiders, the Horns of Ruin, who 
have taken offense to the new highway Snow Corridor
cutting through the mountains. 2

You don’t have to wait long. As the rest Rubble 6
of the area comes into view, a group of 
Algox appear from around the cliff base, 
equipped for both combat and demolition. Ice Pillar 7
It seems their goal is to make the road 
impassable for the traveling merchants that 
Satha says are Frosthaven’s lifeline in the – Continued on next page.
summertime.

You draw your weapons. It’s time to teach 
the Algox how to share the road.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
139



115 CONT. • Pylon Problems

A B

B

A

116 • O8 Caravan Guards
  Design and writing: Joe Homes

Loot
A C D

  x5 
  x4 
  x4 
  x4 
  x1 
  x1 
  x1 

B

C D

– Continued on next page.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

140



116 CONT. • Caravan Guards

Scenario Goals “Not them! That is NOT them!” Droman highwaymen. You draw your weapon, 
The scenario is complete when all five cries, running past you and cowering but just then you hear the unmistakable 
wagons have either escaped or been behind a boulder. crunch of hooves and wheels—the 
destroyed. At the end of that round, caravan has arrived. The Algox hear it too 
read 141.2. An Algox appears from around the bend, and split up, some turning to waylay the 

followed by others, all armed to the teeth. caravan while the others prepare to stop 
The Horns of Ruin are back. Of course; it any rescue you might attempt. This grand 

Introduction wouldn’t be a highway if you didn’t have opening just got more interesting.
Pinter Droman paces excitedly. He is 
always a font of energy, but today his 
fidgeting is especially enthusiastic. “When Special Rules
do you think they’ll be here?” All dungeon and cave corridor tiles enters an occupied hex, the figure in the 

represent the road. hex suffers trap damage and is placed in 
He’s asked the same question every hour the closest empty non-road hex. If any 
since you stomped out your campfire’s At the start of each of the first five wagon enters a hex with an obstacle, 
embers in the dawn light. Today is the rounds, place one numbered token in A. the obstacle is destroyed, and the wagon 
grand opening of Droman’s Path—the first These represent caravan wagons, allies suffers trap damage. All other overlay 
time the new shortcut through the Frozen to you and enemies to all monsters. Each tiles do not affect wagons in any way.
Pass will be used by merchants bound for has (Cx2)+L hit points and is immune to 
Frosthaven. After months of preparation, all conditions and forced movement. At the end of every round, if any wagon 
engineering, and backbreaking labor, the occupies B, it escapes and is removed 
shortcut promising easier access—and On initiative 50 each round, all wagons, from the map. If all five wagons have 
thus, prosperity for Frosthaven—is finally in right-to-left order, perform  3, been destroyed, the scenario is lost.
ready. Satha insisted on you being here focusing on moving toward and 
when the first wagons rolled through, and occupying B. Wagons can only enter At the start of each listed round, spawn 
you felt honored when you first set out, but road hexes, but can enter occupied hexes the following monsters at the listed 
now, as you wait for the caravan to arrive, and hexes with obstacles. If any wagon locations based on character count:
your patience with Droman’s inexhaustible 
excitement is starting to wear thin. Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

You turn to answer his question for the 3 Each C: One normal Each C: One normal Each C: One elite 
umpteenth time, but your response is cut Algox Icespeaker Algox Icespeaker Algox Icespeaker 
off by the snap of a twig from somewhere Each D: One elite Each D: One normal 
down the path. Droman jumps to attention. Algox Archer Algox Archer
“Was that them?” He runs off around a bend 
in the path, waving his arms in greeting. 6 Each C: One normal Each C: One normal Each C: One elite 
“Hello! Hello, welcome!” No sooner is he Algox Archer Algox Archer Algox Archer 
out of sight than a series of mighty roars Each D: One normal Each D: One normal Each D: One normal 
ring out and the excitable tinkerer reappears, Algox Icespeaker Algox Icespeaker  Algox Icespeaker  
sprinting back toward you. and one normal  and one normal  

Algox Guard Algox Guard

Scenario Key Map Layout

Algox Archer Dungeon 
Corridor 4 Rubble 5

16-A 13-C

Algox Guard Large Cave Large Snow 
Corridor 4 Rock 2

Algox Large Dungeon 
Icespeaker Corridor 3 Snow Rock 4

Algox Scout Large Snow 
Corridor 2

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
141