42.1 • Edge of the World (7)  42.2 • Request from 

Having dispatched the Lurkers out front, Section Links You’re crossing one of Frosthaven’s 
you make your way inside the tunnel, a When door 2 is opened, read 48.4. busiest lanes when you spot your friend the 
dank burrow riddled with pits of frigid Infuser, their Orchid nose buried in a book, 
water and stretches of black ice. What’s about to step into the path of an oncoming 
worse than the cold, however, is the Kivak. You seize their crystalline shoulder 
smell—an intense putridness emanates 2 to pull them back to safety.
from deep within the tunnel, equal parts 
rot and corrupted flesh. What it could be, They look up at you, bemused, hardly 
you’d honestly rather not know. noticing the rescue. “The Radiant Forest!” 

they exclaim, and eagerly display the 
book. “I may have found a way to increase 
the power of my infusions, do you see?” 
The ancient leather tome depicts botanical 
illustrations of specimens collected 
from the forest. Writing in the margins 
speculates over their odd alchemical 
properties. The language is indecipherable 

1 to you, but the Infuser seems to know it, 
perhaps by virtue of their vast lifespan and 
experience.

“This writer couldn’t grasp the full 
significance of their findings,” the Infuser 
says, frowning. “Plants, more than 
anything, absorb the energy around them. 

 42.3 • Haunted Vault (17) The entire forest could be latently magical. 
I must investigate further!”

The metal plate sinks into the floor, and 
the door to your left releases with a heavy Flipping to the index of the book, the 
metallic thunk. Infuser shows you an old map of the 

Radiant Forest with various notes and 
Inside is another small chamber, empty markings. “How do you feel about an 
except for three additional plates on A D adventure? Excellent! We can set out 
the floor. One matches the middle plate straight away!” They launch off, and 
outside, while the symbol on the other 
looks entirely new. B you have to seize them again before they 

3 collide with a cart full of cabbages.

Section Links Rewards
When door 2 is opened, read 25.3. New Scenario: Radiant Dust 119

 42.4 • Crystal Enclosure (10)

Conclusion You stow your weapons and look further out to the Whitefire Wood, where it bends 
It’s one thing to fight a horde of enormous, out into the tundra. There are more: around like a river. It’s much too large to 
frost-coated warriors, but it’s another another field of spikes a short sled ride destroy by hand, so you’ll have to follow 
entirely to fight them in a place where the away, mocking you with their presence. the trail of spikes and hope it leads to  
very air drains your strength. These plains You remount your sled and head further their source.
frustrate you—the spikes, the cold—they east, determined to put an end to this 
leach your energy at such an incredible nonsense, but as you approach the second 
rate that, after catching your breath, you field, your determination turns to despair. Rewards
smash the remaining ice spikes in the hope The first field was perhaps the size of a Gain 1 morale and 1 inspiration.
that it foils whatever machinations the small orchard, but this one stretches far  
Icespeakers were planning. into the distance, extending all the way New Scenario: Crystal Fields 18

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
42



 43.1 • To Bury the Dead (95)  43.2 • Apotheosis (76)  43.3 • Program Control Nexus (97)

You hear the clacking of bones as Conclusion Conclusion
they assemble into loose shapes in the You look at all the death around you, With the final blow to the Program 
darkness behind you. Wasn’t the point of and you look to the Fish King, wrapped Director, the remaining machines fall 
a graveyard for the dead would rest? That in chaotic energy and convulsing. This lifeless to the floor. The cleaning robots 
doesn’t seem to be the case tonight. isn’t what you should be fighting for. His boop into the walls for the last time, and 

promise of peace and order seems hollow the flecks of light fade from the indicators 
now. The only way to ensure the safety of dotting the walls. There is a moment of 

Special Rules Frosthaven is to stop this madness. uneasy silence.
Spawn two Living Bones at any empty 
starting hex. These are normal for Before you have the chance to catch your 
two characters, one is elite for three Rewards breath, a single red light begins flashing. 
characters, or both are elite for four New Scenario: Then another, then a third. A puff of steam 
characters. Fish King’s Ascension 77  emanates from a dormant console, then, 

with sickening slowness, a wall support 
beam buckles under the weight of the 
room. This whole place is coming down!

 43.4 • Old Coin
Rewards

Rummaging through your findings Rewards Gain 5 collective . 
produces a handful of gold coins, but none The looting character gains X gold, 
featuring the special markings you’re where X is how much gold one New Scenario:
looking for. money token is worth at L+1. Collapsing Vent 98  

 43.5 • Puzzle Solution

Crain’s room is empty. The books, the “The book, Project Source,” he rattles incident at the spire complex, they went 
papers—everything is still here, but the on, gesturing with his charred stick. on to investigate a new location, one they 
Quatryl himself is missing. Given you’ve “I’ve made some more progress with only refer to as the ‘death site.’ I need you 
never seen him outside his room, you find the translation, but in order to move to find it and tell me what’s inside. Torfi’s 
it a bit odd and set out to find him. any further I need you to verify some of journal contains a sketch of some device 

the—er—findings.” The two of you snake at the site. If you come across it in your 
Nearly half an hour later, you spot the between cabins and Crain pauses to sift travels—should be in a temple or crypt of 
Quatryl shuffling between cabins. In one through a pile of junk, pulling from it some kind—hopefully her notes will prove 
hand, he’s carrying a half-used torch and a piece of ruined cloth which he wraps useful.”
in the other, a pot of pine pitch. As you around the used torch. Satisfied, he keeps 
approach, you notice he’s shaking his head moving. Crain comes to a sudden halt. He’s brought 
and talking, as if stuck in an argument you to one of the guard stations, right next 
with himself. It isn’t until you’re a few feet “According to their notes, the researchers to one of the iron braziers they use to keep 
away that he notices you. concluded the energy source at the spire warm. The guards themselves watch from 

was too dangerous to work with and so it their post as Crain, without any ceremony 
“Ah ha,” he says, a bit surprised. “It’s nice was ultimately abandoned—a very grim or explanation, Crain dunks his stick into 
to see you again. And what’s that?” You account, I assure you. Though it sounds the pitch pot and then shoves the gloopy 
hand him your notes on the diagram and like you know exactly what they mean.” thing into the guard’s fire, which bursts 
explain what happened in the spire, but the He stops at a section of the palisade wall into a violent blue flame.
Quatryl seems distracted. and, using a metal spoon, scrapes out 

a bit of clay from between the logs. He “Ach, all wrong.” Crain holds up his torch, 
“Yes, it’s troubling. Good work, but crumbles the clay into his pitch pot and the flame burning a brilliant sky blue. He 
troubling.” He pockets the note. “Listen, keeps walking. “But their account did help scoffs, drops it into the snow, and walks off.
I have some news as well, but I’m in the me crack one of their thornier words in 
middle of an experiment so you’ll have their dialect—death.
to walk with me while I explain.” The Rewards
Quatryl starts moving without waiting for “It would seem these researchers were Turn to the next page in the puzzle 
a response. very interested in the concept. After the book.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
43



 44.1 • Frozen Fjord (13)  44.2 • Derelict Elevator  (16)

Blood and feathers cover the white bone A shadow casts from overhead. You turn Special Rules
of the bridge. Just beyond them lies the to where the first debris began to fall, and Spawn one Flaming Bladespinner at 
strange humanoid thing, its body folded watch as a bulky mechanical creature B. It is normal for two characters 
awkwardly where it fell. The monster lands, thudding onto the platform next to or elite for three or four characters. 
appears almost human from this angle, you. Several blades extend from its body Any figure occupying B suffers trap 
like a malnourished peasant with long, and the creature begins to rotate, spinning damage and is placed in the closest 
bony legs and waxy skin. But you’re not faster and faster, filling the air with a empty hex.
here to study the fauna, and so you leave high-pitched scream.
the creature where it lies and continue Spawn one elite Ruined Machine 
your hike across. at each G. In addition, spawn one 

normal Ruined Machine at each 
H for three characters or one elite 
Ruined Machine at each H for four 

49 77 characters.

Set up tile 1-B as depicted. This tile 
follows the same rules as the previous 
tile 1-B. Place two damage tokens to 
the right of it (i.e. it is currently two 
floors lower than tile 15-D).

Section Links Pebbles rain down at each C. This 
At the start of the ninth round,  has no effect yet.
read 15.3.

1 2
 44.4 • Tome of Elements

“I really enjoyed the, uh, the ending, Miss be the most volatile of the tomes. Let’s see 
Eddica. A great twist!” A fresh-faced if I can deactivate it...” She traces a sigil 
soldier is finishing up a conversation in arcane white light on the cover before 
with the Valrath librarian as you enter. bracing herself and gingerly cracking it 
Eddica gives a smile from behind her open. No sparks, no explosions.
desk as she checks in the book. Two 
more dockworkers wait in line for “There we go!” The pages splay out and 
recommendations on additional literature Eddica hums a happy tune as she looks 
from the young librarian—they’re nearly through the tome, punctuated with little 
tripping over themselves for a chance “a-ha”s and lots of nodding. After a 

1 3 to talk to her. She spots you and politely moment she sets the book down, looking 
shoos them out the door, finally settling to up at you with a wide smile. “They’re 
a seat on the edge of her desk. actually in here! And I have heard 

very few accounts of these spells being 
“I expected running a library to be more painful.” She lays out the materials on the 
like Master Scrim’s… he had so much desk beside her.
more uninterrupted time than I seem to 
have. In any case... do you have what “So, which will it be?”

 44.3 • Tower of Knowledge (134) I hope you have?” She purses her lips 
in anticipation, and when you pull the 

4 citrine-studded hide tome you found from Section Links
your satchel she rushes over to snatch If you offer to test the fire spell, read 
it from your hands, looking over it with 104.3 now.
wide eyes. “The Tome of the Elements! It’s 
true!” If you offer to test the cold spell, read 

A 163.1 now.
She pushes up her red-rimmed glasses and 
collects herself. “Now, this is supposed to 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
44



 45.1 • Carrion Ridge (47)

The creatures fight with an unhinged Special Rules
ferocity. You’ve just barely managed to Place tile 6-A on top of tile 16-A as Ignore all wall lines on tile 6-A. All 
hold them back, and now they shift away, depicted, removing all overlay tiles fully figures on tile 16-A can move through 
regrouping maybe—but no, something is or partially covered by it from the map. any A to enter a hex on tile 6-A, but all 
wrong. Any figure on any covered hex is placed figures on tile 6-A cannot enter hexes 

in the same hex now on tile 6-A. If that on tile 16-A unless flying, jumping, or 
You try to spring away—too late—as the hex would be any A, place the figure in teleporting.
ground beneath the clearing cracks and the closest unoccupied hex on tile 6-A 
falls away. Another trap. You plummet, instead. Figures cannot end their movement on 
flailing in a slurry of dirt. There is nothing any A.
to hold onto, no way to slow your fall. 
Your heart counts the long seconds—two, 
three, four—and you slam into the ground 
with a sickening crunch.

15
Dirt and darkness. The air is cool. You 
catch your breath and rise gingerly, 
uninjured except for a few scrapes. You’ve 
landed in a pile of what looks to be 
garbage: overturned dirt, scraps of fabric, 
and bones. There are femurs and skulls, 
some much larger than your own. Then 
comes a noise, a sound like the chittering 
of a thousand crickets. It rises, growing 
into a chorus of angry hissing pops, and 
a cold recognition settles in your mind—
Harrowers.

They emerge from the walls: glistening, 
hard-shelled swarms cloaked in tattered 
rags, all skittering quickly into the A A
open. You’ve fallen into a Harrower nest 
corrupted by some demonic force. It’s 
a place dredged from nightmares, and 
you’re standing in the middle of it—in the A A
exact spot where they feed.

A A

A A

 45.2 • Relic Abandonment

The townspeople are screaming in the out of the blue and went crashing off Rewards
night. You fear the worst, but emerge into the wilderness, rolling side-over- Lose 4 morale. 
from your long house to discover they side. A section of the wall will need to 
are upset that the cube you brought back be repaired, and you should probably go New Scenario: Relic Renewed 80
is now missing. Apparently, it activated investigate.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
45



 46.1 • The True Oak (70)

You press forward down the trail, and Section Links
there it is: the True Oak stands proud and When any door 2 is opened, read  
resplendent. But the glorious calm is broken 106.2.
by the hacking sounds of axes into wood as 
the soldiers work at cutting the tree down. 
It will take some time for them to bring 
down this majestic behemoth, but even one 2 2 A A A 2 2
axe mark is too much for your tastes.

Special Rules
Open all doors 1.

1 1

 46.2 • Puzzle Solution

You hear about the fire from the cage. He leads you back outside the reminds me, before the incident, I’d been 
first moment you pass back through smoldering mess to where his intact translating a new section of the book and 
Frosthaven’s gates. By the time you arrive, belongings are stacked up in a pile. Much I wanted to run it by you.” Crain hands 
the smoke has long since stopped, but of his gear and books survived the fire, you a strip of parchment that’s next to 
you find the Quatryl himself, dressed in a thankfully, but with no place to go just impossible to read in the dark.
borrowed shirt and pants, picking through yet, Crain begins the experiment right 
the charred remains of his study. there on the snowy road. He lights the “It’s an alchemical chart from the book 

green lantern and sets it down next to the but it’s only partly filled out. I believe 
“Look,” Crain says, propping up the radiant stone and it immediately draws the energies from our three sites can 
charred slab that used to be his desk, a reaction. Thick orange vapor steams be combined, but I can’t do it without a 
“I know what you’re going to say, and I off the rock and envelopes the lamp, not proper alchemist who understands all this. 
assure you it isn’t anything Satha hasn’t as a whirlwind but as a bulging, smoky See if you can recruit one, then we should 
already told me at length.” He eases the plume. Crain, muttering something about be able to put this puzzle together.
slab against the wall but it cracks in the not wanting to hear Mayor Satha lecture 
middle and the two pieces fall back to the again, turns out the lamp before the vapor “In the meantime,” Crain heaves his pack 
ground. “At length.” builds any more. over his shoulder and picks up his lamp. “I 

need to find a new room.”
You offer the scholar your condolences but “That’s three energy sources, now,” he 
he is clearly more interested in the stone says, with new vigor. “That means I can 
you brought back from the Radiant Forest. finally move on from fiddling with these Rewards

little fireplace experiments and get on to Turn to the next page in the puzzle 
“As reliable as ever, my friend!” He says the real work.” He laughs and a sinking book.
and takes it, still warm in its carrying feeling grows in your stomach. “Which 

 46.3 • Icespeakers in Trouble

Only a few weeks have passed since the fade. Life crawls onward, but still part of Radiant Forest—some of them have 
Icespeakers’ defeat, but it feels like years. you refuses to heal. It startles you awake survived. Here is a chance to calm your 
Time means little from inside a mug of late at night, breathing heavy and covered nightmares, to heal your wounds. You 
Frosthaven ale. You’ve carried on bravely, in sweat—memories. waste no time. You gear up and prepare to 
but the war haunts you. The way the head out.
Icespeakers ran, how they tried to carry It’s one more such haunted day in The 
friends, how they failed. You do your best Crater when an Inox scout bursts in 
to quiet the memories. You pour yourself looking for you. An Icespeaker refugee Rewards
into work and slowly the bruises begin to camp has been spotted down in the New Scenario: Corrupted Camp 39

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
46



 47.1 • Lurker Rumors  47.2 • Snowscorn Peak (11)

“Big as a wagon, I swears it!” The Quatryl Quatryl’s companions begins his own tale Conclusion
sailor’s eyes are dim with drink, but she in the age-old ritual of one-upmanship, The mighty Algox gasps at your feet, 
continues undaunted. “A giant Lurky, all “Well, I saw one bigger than a ship! Ten choking out a final curse.
green and red. Claws bigger than a horse. times the size of your’n...”
Passed right by my boat, I was lucky to “You... your pathetic flailing does 
escape with my life!” n-nothing...” Coughs wrack her chest and 

Rewards blood drips into the snow. “I never planned 
Tall tales at The Crater are just one more If Uniting the Crown 60  is to leave this mountain alive. Your fate is 
thing you’ll miss about summer once the complete, gain 2 morale.  already sealed. The mountain... it falls.”
final ships heave away and the Biting Sea  
becomes once again impassable with ice. Otherwise, add event WO-70 to the Her eyes go dull and her body relaxes into 
You turn back to your drinks as one of the winter outpost deck. death, but her words still echo. You stand 

for a moment, thinking. Could she have 
really done so much, or was that simply 
the frustrated ravings of defeat?

 47.3 • Deadly Pastimes (85) Almost as if it heard your thoughts, the 
mountain trembles, and something deep 

You see a group of boulders to your right within it shifts. The tremor doesn’t last 
and a set of stairs leading up into the light. long, but it’s powerful enough to make you 

stumble.
2

You rappel down as fast as you can, 
praying that Snowscorn holds together.

B Rewards

5 Gain 1 morale and 1 inspiration.
 
New Scenario: Skyhall 19

#  

 47.4 • Lush Grotto (113)  47.5 • Elemental Cores (66)

Conclusion Having gotten used to the cold nights of 
The demons are dead and your packs Frosthaven, the change in temperature is 
are full of many strange and wondrous more severe than you would have hoped. 
botanical discoveries. You feel like a Your lungs feel like your breath is freezing 
traveling herbalist or alchemist, ready to inside them, and ice covers the ground.  
dispense wisdom and remedies. Tracing A high pitched screech makes  
your steps back, you locate the original you aware of the elemental  
trail and exit the grotto. demons, eager to protect  

their bounty.
Back in alpine reality, the shock of cold 
is cruel, but you bolster yourself with the 
knowledge of this successful excursion. 
Hurrying through the stinging snow 
toward Frosthaven so as not to wilt your 
findings, you think wistfully of a hot cup 
of tea—perhaps stewed from that one herb, 
the one that smells like summertime.

Rewards
Gain any 4 collective herb 
resources. Goal

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
47



 48.1 • Realm of Endless Frost (21)

“Oh dear, oh dear. It looks like that nasty You push through into a cramped room Special Rules
old frost has gotten into the doors again,” full of rubbish and corpses. “Sorry for the Each crate and bookshelf has L+2 hit 
your host says in a distinctly mocking mess! Be a good egg and clean it up a bit points. They are enemies to you and 
tone. “I guess you’ll have to come in while you’re back there.” allies to all monsters. 
through the side hall!”

Section Links
When door 3 is opened, read 53.1.

84

2 3

 48.2 • Derelict Elevator (16)

Conclusion step carefully from the elevator and find head the opposite way, to the left, and see 
Bent metal and smashed rock lies heaped even more metal: a walkway built in two what lies in that direction 26 .
all around you, and finally, the alarm directions. There is little to see in any 
stops. The elevator continues to drop, and direction on this metal grating, but far to 
the walls around you vanish completely, the right you can make out a single light Rewards
the shaft opening up into a vast, yawning flashing red. It’s a fair distance away but Gain 5  each. Gain 1 inspiration.
blackness. You hang in immeasurable you’re certain it’s the same light as the Place map overlay sticker Y on the 
emptiness, the only sound the creaking elevator’s security system, which means map in location Y (C10). 
of the elevator cords as the platform there will be more machines waiting in 
descends. that direction. You can’t go back the way New Scenarios:

you came, so you have to choose: You can Rusted Tunnels 25  ,  
After a long, sobering gap of time, the either head straight for the light and fight Quatryl Library 26   
platform finally comes to a stop. You these defenders head on 25 , or you can 

 48.3 •  Retires  48.4 • Edge of the World (7)

One day the Drifter is living with you in The earthen tunnel eventually gives 
your longhouse, and the next day, they way to a natural cavern, where you find 
are gone. No goodbye, no indication of a half-rotted humanoid corpse shuffling 
where they are going. You noticed them aimlessly around like a lost drunk. The 44
growing more and more restless recently, smell is incredible, burning your eyes and 
clearly harboring a desire to strike off back your throat. Looking closer, you see a 
into the wilderness. They appear to have large, pink stone lodged in the creature’s 
accomplished what they set out to do in right eye socket. Another wave of reeking 
Frosthaven, so now must have been as good air overwhelms you, and you retch 
a time as any. Maybe you’ll see them again, involuntarily. At this sound, the corpse 
out on the road, or maybe this chapter of turns and snarls.
your journey together is simply over. 2

Special Rules
Section Links The Frozen Corpse is the Coral 
Add 138.1 to the calendar in  Corpse. It has HxC hit points, is 
4 weeks. immune to , , and , and adds 

 to all its attacks.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
48



 49.1 • Orphan’s Halls (51)

Conclusion are worn through and your nerves are machines were built with the capacity 
A wide trail of ruined machines marks ragged and over-used. for reason but used as mindless slaves 
your path through the central chamber. and then tossed aside, you can’t blame 
They lie lifeless on the ground, their “And yet,” the Orphan takes a few steps it for feeling wronged. And yet, these 
casings cleaved through and their inner closer, its awkward parts clanging against Unfettered have used their independence 
workings fried by Crain’s bomb. Now the steel platform, “And yet I persisted. to wage war against the world at large, 
you stand before the very heart of this I revived my brethren, freed them from Frosthaven included. They freely attack 
place, directly opposite the leader of the your shackles. Never satisfied,” the anyone who they see as an enemy. 
Unfettered—the Orphan. Orphan repeats, “You cannot tolerate that Thousands more machines of every type 

your slaves might thrive without your stalk these halls; how much havoc could 
“What fitting form our enemies take,” the mastery.” they wreak if allowed to invade?
Orphan says. Its calm voice strikes you 
as oddly human, though its mask doesn’t Your mind is hazy from the battle, but, So then, you have a choice to make. It 
move as the words escape. “How many bit by bit, the fog begins to lift. The seems that when you carved your way to 
years have passed since we rid ourselves Orphan seems to think its creators sent the core of this place you inadvertently 
of your chains, and yet here you stand, you to make sure the Unfettered remained became envoys for the surface dwellers. 
returning to enslave us once again.” Its forgotten and lost. Perhaps it thinks You can either try to broker peace with 
voice is mellow, serene even, and yet the all organic beings are linked together the automatons 59 , or you can destroy 
blue fire behind its iron mask glows with a somehow? You think about how best to them 58 . There is no knowing what either 
visceral hatred. explain yourself, but your mind returns to choice will bring or how many lives hang 

the extensive carnage in your wake. How in the balance, but you are the ones who 
Crain scoffs. The Orphan turns to him, its would it tell the difference between you journeyed this far. You are the ones who 
eyes brightening. and the destructive force of its oppressors? are here, now, for the final negotiation 

with the Unfettered, and so you are the 
“Ah, the creators.” the Orphan says, “No, no… We must bow, or be destroyed.” ones who must decide.
sneering with its voice. “Never satisfied. The Orphan’s words drip with bitterness, 
Never able to resist the lure of the next the blue glow flaring angrily behind its 
discovery. It cost you, in the end. And we mask as it turns back to you. “So tell me, 
were forgotten, weren’t we? Abandoned to masters. What would you have me do? 
rust.” Kneel? Beg for peace, hoping you’ll spare 

these children you abandoned? Or are you Rewards
The Orphan pauses. It inspects you and simply here to end what you began with Gain 10  each. Gain “Shock 
the wreckage you left in your wake. The your brutish invasion of our halls, and Grenades” 074  blueprint. 
damage you’ve wrought is extensive, destroy us once and for all? Tell me. Tell  
anyone could see that, but it cost you me what you believe is right, you who New Scenarios:
greatly to break through the Orphan’s intrude here.” Orphan’s Core 58  , 
guard and now you can feel the machine Unfettered Uprising 59  
teasing out your weaknesses, your fatigue. Silence stretches between you. If what Choose one.
It’s a fact you cannot hide. Your muscles the automaton says is true, that these 

 49.2 • Mining Camp Upgraded

With the mining camp expanded, more Savvas emerges from the crumbling wall. “Now that we have met, you will allow me 
ore and minerals will be available to As a being of the elements, its face twists to join your party. To prove my mastery 
Frosthaven. You admire the refinery and between expressions like boiling lava, its over the element of magma, I must put my 
then venture into the tunnels themselves, body flows and then ceases flowing all at abilities to a true test in the field.”
using a handcart to make your way deep once, growing rigid with barely contained 
underground, hoping to discover some power. “Who dares disturb my slumber?” That doesn’t sound like much of a choice, 
veins of copper. It rumbles. but having a powerful ally could never be 

a bad thing.
Chipping away at a rock, your pickaxe Then the Savvas laughs, a crackling 
strikes against something as strong as fire sound. “I am in jest. I sensed your 
Valrath steel. Your hand is suddenly presence the instant these tunnels were Rewards
seized by another, the lithic digits blasted open. I have been waiting for you Unlock  class box.
encasing your wrist as the rest of the to prove your fortitude since.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
49



 50.1 • Among the Wreckage (54)  50.2 •  Retires

Another piece of debris comes away is talking to you. However, what rises in You walk into the Barracks to find the 
with a flurry of trapped air and dust, and your mind is not a vision of images strung Banner Spear speaking intently with 
there, beneath it, you feel the shard. It’s together into a thought. Instead, all you Captain Olmstead. They wrap up some 
practically singing now. You reach for it, hear is a long, echoing noise: a yawning paperwork and the Banner Spear walks 
but you are stopped. moan both immense and meaningless, over to you. 

chaos and agony and rage so pure that this  
In the blink of an eye, a blur of hard could only be the voice of the abyss. “Friends! Good to see you. I just finished 
carapace lurches out of the new opening enlisting formally in the town guard.” 
and slams against the side of your They note your surprise. “I thought about 
bathysphere, launching you away. The Special Rules relaxing and enjoying retirement, but 
submersible reels. You spin, thrown from Spawn the Seeker of the Abyss at frankly... the regiment could use some of 
your footing, and wrestle for control of the either hex the large cave rock occupied. my experience to help prepare for the next 
ship before it crashes into the ocean floor. Reduce its current hit points value to attack.”  

half its maximum (rounded up).  
You recover and reorient in time to A guard steps up to hand them town guard 
watch this new enemy rise from the armor, and they politely refuse. “No, 
wreckage—a Lurker unlike any you’ve Boss Special 1 thank you, I’ve got my own. Oh—just a 
seen before. The Seeker of the Abyss performs: moment!” Before the guard can walk off, 

+0 the Banner Spear snatches the Frosthaven 
He is a giant of this aquatic species, limbs -2,  2 insignia off the tunic, attaching it to their 
thick as ship masts and shell glowing with All targets of the attack must lose one own chest plate.  
an eerie bioluminescence. But far more card from their hand or discard pile (if  
unsettling are his eyes. They are lightless: able). “There we are. Feels fitting to be part of 
round bottomless pools of ink, and as you something larger again. Good luck out 
look into them you can feel a palpable there, and I’m sure we’ll see each other on 
despair. It’s as if you were staring into an Boss Special 2 the battlefield soon.”
immense empty grave. The Seeker of the Abyss creates one 

 trap in any adjacent empty hex 
You feel a familiar tingling in your minds, closest to an enemy. Then all allies Rewards
similar to the sensation you felt when you (if any) add +1  to all their attacks Add one  card to the town 
first communicated with the Lurkers all this round. guard deck.
those weeks ago. This glowing Lurker 

 50.3 • War of the Spire A (29)

Conclusion brightness, and eventually the world threat from the Algox. The Snowspeakers 
Blood and ice cover the ground. Great reemerges. celebrate their victory as you begin your 
pieces of broken spire and runoff from long, silent hike back to Frosthaven.
the battle slosh against your ankles, a tide When it does, the spire is gone. What once 
of pink stew. The heart of their weapon stood so tall and proud is now rubble, 
is exposed before you: a great ribbon of blown apart. All that’s left is a mound of Rewards
painfully bright light writhing in the open ice and snow. Gain 3 morale. Gain “Destroyer of 
air, ready to lay waste to an entire clan, the Icespeakers” campaign sticker. 
but you will not allow that. You lunge and All over the field, the Algox are Remove all  events from all 
pierce the spire’s core. beginning to recover. Icespeakers rise, outpost event decks. 

awestruck and horrified by what has just  
The reaction is incredible. An immense happened. The Snowspeakers leap to their Add event WO-68 to the Winter 
wave of energy bursts forth and tosses feet, shouting victoriously. Outpost deck.
everything to the ground. The sound is 
like a bell shattered beneath a giant’s The Icespeakers know this fight is lost. Locked Out Scenario:  
hammer: a brief, ear-rending clang and They try to run, but few manage to Summit Meeting 28
then a terrible crack. escape. Clusters of Snowspeakers crowd 

around the surviving defenders and bring 
For several long seconds, you see nothing them down with speed. Section Links
but white. Your ears ring without ceasing. Add 46.3 to the calendar in five 
It takes a while, but you blink away the The war is ended. You’ve done your weeks.

part, and Frosthaven is no longer under 
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

50



 51.1 • Realm of Endless Frost (21)

As soon as you dispatch the creatures, Special Rules Section Links
the main door to this structure opens Place all characters and character When door 2 is opened, read 48.1.
with a rumble. summons, in initiative order, in the 

closest empty hex on tile 15-C. Then 
“Oh my word,” the host calls out. “I remove door 1 and tile 14-B from  2
can’t believe how rude my friends are the map.
being. But you mustn’t judge me by their 
behavior. Hurry on now, our celebration The glowing orb has (L+2)xC hit 
simply will not wait.” points. It is an enemy to you and an 

ally to all monsters. Whenever it A B
You realize moving further into a trap isn’t suffers damage, all characters and 
the wisest decision, but you have a few monsters suffer  2.
words to give your host, and it’s not like 
there’s any other way out of here. At the start of each round, until the 

glowing orb is destroyed, spawn one 
You step into the entry hall and the door Living Bones at both A and B. 
behind you shuts, because of course it These are normal for two characters, 
does. A low croaking groan rises, and a elite at B for three characters, or both 
fist, bony and rotten, punches through the elite for four characters.
floor. A number of corpses pull themselves 
from the ground and shuffle toward Door 2 is locked and will unlock 
you, their decayed muscles wasted into when the glowing orb is destroyed.
gray strings. “Oh dear!” The host shouts 
through the wall. “Such poor manners!” 1

 51.2 • The Lurker Problem (78)  51.3 •  Retires

Taking the passageway to the left is a Section Links You call out to the Pyroclast as you run 
drippy affair. It ends above a cavern When door 5 is opened, read  out the main gate, chasing after it. It was 
where, below, an ongoing battle plays out. 133.5. leaving without even saying goodbye. 
Lurkers swarm over a group of Abaeli,  
who dart between their legs, spearing “I have nothing left to prove to you,” the 
tender underbellies. You leap down, Pyroclast simply states. “I have shown 
wondering whether to intervene or wait my absolute mastery over my chosen 
this imbroglio out, when one of the Abaeli 5 elements, consistently demonstrating that 
shouts angrily at you. I am the strongest member of the group. 

I fear I may even be holding you back 
“Are all mercenaries illiterate?” You from your own potential by making our 
recognize his voice: your formerly journeys too easy. I have decided to return 
trench-coated friend. “You didn’t follow to the Copperneck Mountains—to my 
my instructions!” He twirls his sea-glass people. Such will be the best for both of 
dagger, the fins on his arms splaying us. You can continue to improve without 
threateningly. Then abruptly he laughs. my interference, and I can take my rightful 
“Ah, no matter. You look roughened up. 
Took care of most of these foul Lurkers, 3 place in Savvas society.” 

 
eh? Thank you, from the bottom of my You stand there dumbfound, staring 
heart! These caverns are ours now.” He silently at the Pyroclast. “So we are in 
switches to the Abael language, conferring agreement,” it nods. “Goodbye then. Try 
with the others. not to get yourself killed.”

You don’t need a translation to glean their 
intention; finish off the Lurkers. And you Section Links
too, while they’re at it. Add 174.2 to the calendar in the 

fifth week of next summer.
A trench-coat turn-coat. Wonderful.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
51



Locked Down
 52.1 • Nerve Center (44)  52.2 • Gaps in the Road (74)

You feel exposed as you proceed into Special Rules You see on the other side of the last chasm 
the main network of towers, enemies At the end of each Ancient Artillery’s a derelict stone structure from an ancient 
approaching on all sides. Your hunch turn in this room, it summons one era. The Algox seem to be using it as a 
about the towers has already paid Ruined Machine. All normal Ancient base, but you’d wager your goal resides 
dividends, though, so you commence with Artilleries summon normal Ruined within as well.
the wholesale destruction. Machines, and all elites summon elites.

Section Links
Section Links When door 3 is opened, read  
When door 2 is opened, read 149.1. 164.1 if “Friend of the Fish King” 

is on the campaign sheet. Otherwise, 
read 151.4.

2
3

2

61

1

 52.3 • Puzzle Solution

“But why does it always have to be so force. You told Crain about them back at long seconds pass and when you ask 
damned cold?” Crain shouts, his voice Frosthaven, and he demanded to see them if he’s alright, the Quatryl jumps as if 
half-stolen by the wind. Honestly, you at once. His enthusiasm has dampened woken from a dream. “Of course! Yes, 
never thought to ask. somewhat since then. perfectly fine. Just something I read. As I 

was saying: a series of battles. But there 
You’re standing on a seaside cliff, one of Grumbling, Crain lights his lamp and, just should be another site somewhere up 
the many that line the northern coast. To like last time, several strings of ghostly here, one that’s quite a bit different than 
your right is the Biting Sea, that stretches vapor rise from the ground to collect this. Keep searching further to the north 
into a wide, churning horizon, while around it, though this time they are a and see what you can find. I don’t have 
to your left lie the frozen plains. Each deep purplish color. They only collect for much direction other than that. Truth be 
inspires a certain threatening respect, but a moment and then Crain snuffs the light told, I’ve been avoiding the next section 
you’re not here for either of them—you’re and nods. of translation.” His eyes narrow and his 
here for the fjords. The long, jagged scars lip curls, exposing sharp teeth. “It’s all 
cut through the seaside cliffs, sinking “Confirmed,” he says. “And judging by poetry.”
down perhaps two hundred feet to the the other markings you found along these 
ocean below. At first glance they appear cliffs, and the notes left in Project Source, 
like any other rocky chute, but when I’d say there was a series of battles up and Rewards
you look near the top of one, you can down this coast. Must have been quite Turn to the next page in the puzzle 
see several large gouges in the stone that the, em—” Crain goes quiet for a moment, book.
couldn’t have been made by any natural staring down into the fjord below. Several 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
52



 53.1 • Realm of Endless Frost (21)

After smashing through the detritus and Boss Special 1
the undead, you finally clear a path into One character recovers one card from 3
what appears to be a dining room. their lost pile. Then the Prince of Frost 

performs: 
“Oh lovely, lovely—you’re here,” the  X,  C,  5, where X is specified 
demon says. It waves you in like a master by the stat card.  
servant presenting a fine meal. “And just Then the Prince of Frost summons one  
in time.” It claps twice and prances around Snow Imp. It is normal for two characters  
the room with glee, singing all the while, or elite for three or four characters.
“nice and tender, nice and tender.”

The demon’s limbs are pure ice. Its face is Boss Special 2
crooked, teeth bent, and its jaw is stained One character loses one card from their 
with red. The creature stops and flourishes hand or two cards from their discard. 
a hand. “Now, won’t you please come in Then the Prince of Frost performs: 
and join me!”  2,  C-1,  1,  

Then the Prince of Frost summons one 
Snow Imp. It is normal for two or three 
characters or elite for four characters.

 53.2 • War of the Spire B (30)  53.3 •  Retires

Conclusion She steps onto an icy outcropping Ever since the Deathwalker decided to 
The bodies pile up. You turn and swing overlooking the battlefield, radiating stop heading out on missions, they’ve 
your weapon and turn back, moving righteousness. She steps down from her been wandering the streets of Frosthaven, 
without thought, and cries go up on all stage and walks over to a still-dazed muttering to themselves about “lost 
sides. Your body is wearing thin. You Snowspeaker. Then, with a single, ice- souls”. You finally stop them and ask what 
need to rest but the wave of Snowspeakers coated fist, she drives her victim into the the meaning of it all is. 
will not relent. Something has to give. ground. The other Icespeakers follow suit.  
The defenders cannot hold this line much “There are just so many dead who still 
longer. Already they have fallen back. But The battle is ended. The war is over, but linger,” the Deathwalker laments. “Those 
then you feel it. this is no victory. It’s a slaughter. who have fallen in battle. Those who were 

taken by the cold. They must be properly 
A rumble—a deep tectonic shift—jolts You heave yourself up and say nothing to put to rest, but I don’t know how.” 
the entire field, and a terrible moan pours anyone. You’ve done your part; Frosthaven  
out over the plain. You turn and are nearly is no longer under threat from the Algox. You mention the makeshift graveyard outside 
blinded by what’s behind you. The spire The Icespeakers revel in their victory as of town, and the Deathwalker shakes their 
is alight with a striking blue radiance. A you begin the long trek back to the outpost. head. “It is insufficient—woeful. The dead 
desperate cry goes out. The Snowspeakers placed there don’t get the proper respect. 
realize they have failed. Then everything Piled into holes like garbage. Unless...” 
goes white. Rewards  

Gain 3 morale. Gain “Destroyer The Deathwalker’s expression changes. 
An immense wave of energy erupts from of the Snowspeakers” campaign “Yes, I must go talk to Satha immediately. 
the spire. Weapons and bodies fly. Rocks sticker. Remove all  events from We must improve the graveyard! Give 
and logs tumble like weeds. all outpost event decks. the dead their due respect. Oh my, there 

is so much work to do!” They move in 
Only after several long moments does the Add event WO-69 to the Winter the direction of Satha’s cabin faster than 
scene around you become clear. The field Outpost deck. you’ve ever seen them move. Hopefully, 
of battle, once covered in downy layers of something good comes from it.
snow, is now a slick, pearlescent sheet of ice. Locked Out Scenario:  
The Snowspeakers are aghast. They stare Summit Meeting 28
down at their hands in horror. One of them Section Links
rises to its feet and attempts to cast a spell, Add 176.4 to the calendar in the 
but nothing happens. Its magic has been torn Section Links second week of next summer.
away. The realization of what’s been done Add 34.2 to the calendar in five 
dawns on everyone, Putargal in particular. weeks.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
53



 54.1 • Crystal Fields (18)  54.2 •  Retires

You leap and roll, threading through the You often find the Crashing Tide resting 
conduit forest in search of shelter from at the shore of Frosthaven, observing the 
these subterranean attackers, but you can waves lapping against the dock. This time, 
only make it a short way before your path however, things feel different. When they 
becomes blocked. More of the burrowing send images of the ebb and flow of the 
creatures dart through the snow in front of tides into your mind, you sense the kinship 
you. You gird yourself to fight when, out they feel toward the natural cycle. They 
of nowhere, you hear a voice shouting. are the tides. The high water was them 

rising to the surface, exploring dungeons 
“Burning sun!” It’s an Algox standing on and fighting with you against that which 
the far side of this horde, batting away one threatened Frosthaven. 
of the subterranean creatures. “I’ll rip your  
infernal gah—” The Algox’s words are But now, the waters recede. The Crashing 
muffled by the heavy sound of tunneling. Tide must return to the ocean. You express 
You don’t know who the lone survivor sadness. 
pledges allegiance to, but you know he’ll  
have answers if you can get to him in time. The Crashing Tide gently lays a giant 

claw on your shoulder in consolation. 
You see more images of the low tide once 

Special Rules again surging forward, raising the water. 
The Algox Guard is an ally to you and 2 Everything is a cycle. The Crashing 
an enemy to all other monsters. If the Tide will return one day. But for now, it 
Algox Guard dies, the scenario is lost. disappears beneath the waves.

Rewards
Add event B-15 to the boat deck.

 54.3 • Decisive Action  54.4 • Crystal Trench (8)

An Algox messenger appears at the main Conclusion but these things can’t be ignored. You 
gate, handing off a message from Chief The pack is far behind you now, their scan the horizon and notice that deep in 
Elland of the Icespeakers addressed to you. snarls and barks fading far into the the expanse, one structure stands apart. 

distance, and so, finally, you let yourselves Larger and darker in color than the others, 
“Warriors, the time has come. The peace slow to a march. The cold, for once, comes it’s less a spike than a spire, and it reigns 
summit has been arranged, and we would as a reprieve. You let it wash over and over the landscape like a lord’s keep.
be grateful for your attendance. Putargal steal away the heat of battle, evaporating 
is making the final preparations to activate your sweat and taking the sting from your You have the choice: you can either march 
the spires, which would send devastation wounds. to the massive spire 15  or opt for a closer 
through the Snowspeaker clans. We must target 16 . You do notice one not too 
end this now.” For a long time after that, you march. distant spike that does look a little curious. 

The valley extends onward into the icy It is shorter than the rest, but also wider. 
Accompanying the message is a map to a expanse of the north, finally opening into It might be worth a cursory investigation 
remote cave in the Copperneck Mountains a vast field crowded with towering icy before venturing too deep into this 
where Elland will be 28 . You also note, spikes. It looks almost like another forest, unknown field.
however, the position of Putargal’s  huge frozen pillars all gathered together, 
spire 30 . She did demand your aid if you but these are no kind of tree you’ve seen. 
wanted to remain in their good graces. You They are raw, frozen obelisks: enormous Rewards
must decide which course of action is best. ice spears shot forth from the ground like Gain 1 collective   

huge monuments to some forgotten god. and 2 collective . 
Place map overlay sticker X on the 

Rewards You doubt this is what Satha was map in location X (C7). 
New Scenarios: Summit Meeting 28 , imagining when she sent you this way,  
War of the Spire B 30 New Scenarios: Ancient Spire 15 ,  

Derelict Elevator 16

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
54



 55.1 • Scrap Pit (35)

Conclusion who just sold sand to a Valrath. by activating one of the devices, you can 
“I’ve done it!” Crain shouts, though disable an Unfettered fighter without 
it’s hard to tell what exactly he’s done, “What do you say to that, mighty cutting it down, provided you’re close 
since you’re still busy holding back the adventurer?” He tosses the contraption enough.
machine forces. You can hear him though. into the air but fumbles it for a second 
He’s coming toward you, his small feet before getting it back in hand. “Ha, Crain explains that with these devices you 
scampering over the junk pile until, like anyway there it is, my long-legged can move back through the first tunnel 
a deranged bird, he jumps right into the chums. One genuine Crain Unfettered and make your way to the Unfettered core, 
middle of two Unfettered attackers. Disabling Device. And,” he reaches into finally putting these machines to rest.

some decayed canvas bag he must have 
You try to push forward and get to him scavenged from the pile and pulls out 
before the machines do, but there’s no several more identical gadgets, “I’ve made Rewards
need. Crain lifts a skull-sized contraption enough for everyone!” Gain 2 collective ,
into the air and shouts, “Have at you, 2 collective , and 2 collective .
Unfettered nuisance!” His contraption Apparently, the contraptions mimic the  
releases a flash of searing light and the same technology the machines use for New Scenario:
machines all drop to the ground, dead. communication, or something like that. Overrun Barricade 43

The Quatryl speaks quickly whenever he 
Now there’s just Crain, standing there, gets excited, and so the details go over 
untouched and gloating like a merchant your head. What is clear, however, is that 

 55.2 • Gaps in the Road (74)

After traversing the first deep chasm, you 
have just a moment to catch your breath 
before you are once again assaulted by 
angry taunts and crude arrows. 

1 2
Section Links
When door 2 is opened, read 52.2.

 55.3 • Spire Basement (23)

After reducing the undead to their baser existence. They face you, raising spectral 
parts, you move quickly on and arrive at claws. But there is something else. 
a wide circular chamber. This new room Hanging in the center of these spirits is a 
is made mostly of iron and stone, like the hulking mass of folded black smoke—a 
chamber upstairs; however, here the walls churning shadow whose eyes boil with 
are lined with a number of cylindrical malevolence. The massive wraith looms 
metal furnaces, and in the middle of the before you and releases a low, hateful 
room is the beam of pulsing red light. This moan that shakes the metal on which you 
chamber must be the source of the beam’s stand.
power, but the room’s other occupants 
don’t allow you time to investigate.

Special Rules
They materialize shortly after you arrive: The Living Doom is the Hateful 
the air around the chamber wrinkles Corpse. It has HxC/2 hit points 
and compresses until several black (rounded down), is immune to  and 
forms appear out of nothingness. Spirits, , and adds +2  to all its attacks.
clusters of them, wrench themselves into 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.2
55



 56.1 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  56.2 • Apotheosis (76)

You scan the room and see a puddle in With a booming laugh, the Fish King opens “Speechless, I see... Expected in the 
the far left corner that may be of some his eyes and sees the violent pandemonium presence of a deity,” he says through 
interest. around him for the first time. gritted teeth.

9 “Begone!” He howls, and chaotic energy The thought occurs to you that maybe you 
shoots from his fingers, striking down didn’t follow the best course of action—

7 friend and foe without regard. Larger and that giving such power to an unstable 
more menacing than ever, the Fish King creature was not the safest bet. You think 
addresses you. “SCALELESS! Look at me maybe it might not be too late to stop this 
in all my splendor! Can you see it? Truly I madness. If you wanted to.
will become the most glorious god the seas 
have ever seen!”

Section Links
The metamorphosis resumes, and the Fish If you accept the Fish King’s 
King grimaces as his muscles spasm and ascension, read  96.3.  

3 twist with dark energy. Clearly he has Otherwise, read 43.2.
not reached his final form—has not quite 
reached this supposed godhood.

 56.3 • Enhancer Upgraded  56.4 • Selling the Amulet

The entirety of Voice-of-Eight stands to visit and share knowledge. Some may As soon as you enter the walls of 
to greet you when you enter the newly even be willing to offer a few artifacts to Frosthaven, you march into the trading 
completed enhancement building. The the trade stall, which we hope will help post, intent on doing... something. Were 
inside is breathtaking, covered in the you to continue bringing prosperity to our you going to sell something?
ethereal glass they used to construct the new home!"
Aesther outpost to the north. Yes! Something in your pack. You wanted 
 to sell something deep in your pack. 
"We must thank you, adventurer," Voice- Rewards Something... troubling. You dig around 
of-Eight says. "Because of your diligence, Add any of the following items for a while, but can’t find what you were 
not only has our outpost been restored, but you have unlocked from Forgotten looking for. You upend the pack onto the 
our presence here in this settlement has Circles to the available item supply: counter, scattering its contents everywhere 
been strengthened as well. We have fully 154, 155, 157, and 163. and eliciting concerned looks from the 
established connections with Aesthers proprietor.
across the world, and many regularly come 

You scratch your head as you scan the 
mess you’ve created, looking for some 
snippet of a reminder about what you were 

 56.5 •  Retires doing here. Who did you encounter on the 
road to your last mission? It is completely 

“Listen, this has been great, but I still just grumbles. “But it’s not about that. I just absent from your memory, as if it never 
can’t get used to all... this,” the Trapper long for the open skies and simple life the happened.
gestures to the bustling outpost sheepishly. wilds provide. Don’t worry, though, I’ll 
“I’m happy the hunting lodge convinced still be back occasionally to trade with the You sheepishly gather up the contents 
me to help out around here, but I just hunting lodge.” of your pack and quietly leave the shop. 
need some time to myself. Time to just be  Once again, you feel the pull of something 
myself out in the wilderness, not worrying With that, the Trapper packs up their sled outside your reckoning. What happened 
about who’s going to spit on me or kick me of contraptions and marches off into the to you on the road... it didn’t happen, but 
as I walk by.” tundra. rather, it will happen. No wonder you can’t 
 remember it yet.
You frown and express remorse that such 
terrible things still happen to someone who Section Links
has done so much good for the outpost. Add 169.1 to the calendar in six Rewards
 weeks. Return event SR-52 to the summer 
“Ha, well, they’re sorry too when they road deck.
get a footful of bear trap,” the Trapper 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
56



 57.1 • The Way Forward (38)  57.2 • Temple of Liberation (20)

Conclusion ICE GROWS BLACK. HIS IMPURITY Conclusion
It’s difficult to make out the elders’ words MUST BE ROOTED OUT—REPLACED. You aim true and the orb cracks. The thick 
over the demons’ constant screeching, glass splits like a piece of marble, and 
but the effect is obvious as they incant “FORM A NEW HEART MADE OF ICE the light within it fades. A puff of smoke 
solemnly over the source of the corruption. AND SNOW. ONE PATH LIES HIDDEN leaks out, smelling of burnt sap and rain. 
A flash of light bursts forth and the IN THE SEA—THE LIVING GLACIER, The room reels in response. The machines 
demons shriek one last time. FORMED IN AGES PAST. THE OTHER seize and fall silently to the ground, but 

LIES IN THE SOUTHERN HILLS—THE the door leading onward slams shut, 
Suddenly you’re all standing together, NEW SNOW THAT HOLDS THE SONG locked into place by thick metal gear.
back in the sacred clearing. Gone are the OF DAYS TO COME. TOGETHER 
corrupted forest guardians, and gone is THEY CONTAIN THE POWER TO With the yellow glow now gone, you re-
the whirl of black smoke. What you find STOP THE CORRUPTION. SEEK THEM light your torches and examine the door. 
instead is the altar, worn by time and AND RETURN.” In order to move forward, you’ll have to 
claimed by moss, but above the stone disable the mechanism securing it, but the 
surface blooms an imposing spectral The spirit releases a burst of energy that system is incredibly complex. A large ring 
shape—an Algox spirit, its head adorned shakes the trees and then the altar is is affixed to the center of the door, and 
with incredible horns and its fur woven empty. this ring holds six smaller circular plates 
with glittering threads. The Algox elders at even intervals. You reach out and touch 
bow in reverence, and you follow suit. One The Algox give a quick explanation. You one of the pieces and find it strangely cold 
of the elders speaks. must seek out two relics: ice from the compared to the warmth of the room. You 

Living Glacier which lays somewhere in press harder and a pained creaking echoes 
“Spirit of Mar’ogh, we come at a desperate the Biting Sea 45 , and a handful of New throughout the room, one of the plates 
hour.” Barduu’s voice is thick with Snow which can be found at the northern giving an unwilling turn. You press harder 
formality. “For a great many years, we mouth of the Dead Pass 46 . still, and discover the entire rings spins as 
have neglected your wisdom, and we have well. You spend a great deal of time doing 
fallen into war. Many have perished at the The journey will be brutal, they say, but this, turning the ring and the plates into 
hands of their fellow Algox. We ask you to if you can collect both elements and bring different positions, but, beyond making a 
forgive our arrogance and to aid us in the them here, then they will unlock the power fair deal of noise, the door refuses to budge.
search for peace.” to reunite both factions of the Algox. It 

sounds impossible. The vitriol that the You look closer and see a number of 
With their plea given, the elder Algox bow Icespeakers and Snowspeakers have for symbols etched in the wall along the 
their heads, and you stand by with bated each other is incredible. But the elders’ circumference of the device. Starting 
breath. When the answer comes, it startles faith, their conviction in your quest,  from the top and going clockwise, you 
all of you. is stronger. see a skull, a scarab, a triangle, a moon, 

a star, and an anchor. They must mean 
“THE CORRUPTION HAS SPREAD something, but, as much as it pains you to 
TOO FAR,” the spirit says, voice booming Rewards admit, without further context, you’ll have 
inside your mind. It is a vast presence Gain 10  and 1  each.  to turn back for now.
that makes your knees weaken. It’s as if Gain 1 inspiration.
the land itself has suddenly reared up to  
speak. “HE WHO SLEEPS NOW MOVES New Scenarios: Rewards
TO AWAKEN. HIS INFLUENCE SPURS Living Glacier 45 , Dead Pass 46 Gain 15 gold each.
ON THE CONFLICT. THE HEART OF 

 57.3 • Harvest Festival

The populace has an electrifying energy endeavor. The town waits for the two drinks, and while there’s some blanks in 
running through them this morning— most important words of the day, and your memory the next morning, there isn’t 
today is the Harvest Festival, a day to after teasing the end of her speech several anything in this world you’d trade for the 
celebrate the success of this stubborn times, she finally gets down to it with a bits you do remember.
outpost in the middle of such an smile: “Let’s eat!”
inhospitable region.

Piles of grain-cherry custards, tin-berry Rewards
Mayor Satha gives her customary words of tarts, crusty meat pies, and flavored Gain 2 morale.
wisdom, walking the fine line of a leader ice swirled with sugar supplement the 
who both bolsters the town’s success and free-flowing axenut ale. The party-goers’ 
must acknowledge the souls lost in that constitution runs out well before the 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
57



 58.1 • Skyhall (19)

Conclusion kin have erected around the Whitefire For a moment you stand in the new silence 
The last of the black shards explodes Wood to purge them from the land.” of Skyhall, considering this new schism 
into a thousand tiny fragments, and the and how you’ve found yourself at the 
spirits snuff out with a hush. The howling The chief clenches his jaw and snaps back, center of it. The Algox chief turns to you.
and trembling of the mountain ceases at “No, Putargal, for three centuries we have 
once. You are left stilled by the silence. made war with the Snowspeakers, and “Please,” he says, “this is not the way. 
The walls and ceiling are all riddled with look what it brings us. If not for the warm- More fighting will never bring us peace. 
cracks, and the floor is rent with jagged bloods, our home would be rubble. More You must join me instead. I have a plan 
scars. It seems that the battle ended not a conflict is not the answer. Water poured on to end this brutal cycle.” The chieftain 
moment too soon. ice will only create more ice.” takes you aside. It will take some time, 

but I believe I can arrange a peace summit 
Chief Elland stands and groans, his Putargal snarls, a raw contempt burning in with the Snowspeakers to discuss a treaty. 
enormous muscles steaming in the frigid her eyes. After the damage Skyhall has sustained, 
air. and that which Putargal threatens, we 

“Do not presume you speak for us all,” must end this cycle of destruction. When 
“This… this cannot continue,” he says. she growls, “The Snowspeakers kill us, the time comes, I hope you will join me 
“Look. Look at what’s befallen the corrupt the Skyhall itself, and threaten to instead, and we will truly end this war.
Skyhall: such sacrilege, such plain hatred.” destroy everything we know... and you 
His eyes search for answers. call for peace? Those fiends must pay for 

what they have done this day.” She turns Rewards
“The Snowpseakers must be destroyed,” and begins to walk out, but stops and calls Gain 1 morale. Gain one random 
A new voice says, coming from down back. “You, warm-bloods. Come meet item blueprint.
the hall. It is an older, female Icespeaker, with me after you have recovered. We 
trailed by a group of battle-worn fighters. will honor your alliance only if you aid us 
“The only solution is to wipe them out in our counterattack.” And with that, she Section Links
completely. We can use the conduits our leaves. Add 54.3 to the calendar in four 

weeks.

 58.2 • Rusted Tunnels (25)

They’re coming from the tunnels. Two main tunnel’s supports have not aged suspect that, if you can make your way to 
smaller passageways connect to this main well. More than once you’ve accidentally each of the smaller ingresses, you could 
one, and no matter how many machines knocked chunks of rust off the metal smash their metal supports and bring them 
you strike down, reinforcements emerge scaffolding during the fight, and so you down, cutting off the enemy troops.
a few moments later. You need to cut off 
their line, and you formulate a plan. The 1
Special Rules
The large debris has Cx(L+2) hit points. 
It is an enemy to you and an ally to all 
monsters. When it is destroyed, instead 
it becomes a wall. Remove all figures, 
tokens, and tiles occupying B or any 
hex beyond it, and then place another 
large debris wall in B. All removed 
characters become exhausted.

At the start of each round, until the 
large debris in this room is destroyed, B
spawn one Flaming Bladespinner at 
A. It is normal for two characters, A
elite each second spawn for three 
characters, or elite for four characters.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
58



Locked Down
 59.1 • Ravens’ Roost (32)  59.2 • The Lurker Problem (78)

Conclusion In your opinion, no one in a trench coat until Former-Trench-Coat points at you 
The creatures are done. Their humanoid should be trusted, least of all someone with a webbed finger.
hosts lie slain. Their tree has been felled, dripping water all over Glint’s nice desk. 
and finally, the forest is quiet. You ignore the instructions and take the “This is your fault,” he says. “Now the 

door to the left. Lurkers have been alerted to everybody’s 
You take some time to check the area for presence.” The other Abaeli agree with 
any explanation as to what these creatures A narrow tunnel ends upon a cavern of this assertion. Frenzied from their 
were or why they inhabited this place, but shallow water and rocky islands. Perched argument, they spring up, sparking their 
like so many other things in this part of atop these islands is a clutch of Abaeli. spears against the rocks.
the world, its mysteries remain unspoiled. Their fins bristle at your entrance. One 

of them has a voice you recognize, and Looks like you’re making all sorts of fishy 
One thing is certain, however: this scolds you. “Useless! Didn’t you read my friends today.
clearing is the warmest part of the forest instructions? You were supposed to kill all 
you’ve encountered so far. It is practically the Lurkers so we could take over! Now 
balmy, and you can feel even more heat we’ve got to deal with the shell-heads Special Rules
radiating from the west. Looking to the ourselves.” Door 1 is now locked.
edge of the clearing, you see a great 
swarm of glowing orbs have gathered One of the others clacks her sharp teeth. 
there. They seem to be waiting, wondering “Waste of time, trusting land-folk.” Section Links
perhaps whether it’s safe to venture inward This incenses the other one. They begin When door 4 is opened, read 92.3.
toward the heat. arguing, dividing the group into factions 

But that is a mystery for the scientists and 4
researchers. Your business is the blade, 
and your business here is done. Satisfied 
with your handiwork, you turn and 
begin the long hike back to Frosthaven, 58
wondering how exactly you’ll make a 2
report of this to Satha.

Rewards
Gain “Feathered Cloak” 069  
blueprint. Gain “Into the Forest” 
campaign sticker.

 59.3 • Puzzle Solution

Crain has been working feverishly with You try to ask Crain what is going on, but want you to take stock of the inhabitants—
the craftsman for some time now, and he just waves off your question. “Lucky I the adventurers—of Frosthaven, and see 
you have left them to their own devices, ran into you,” he says. “There’s something if there isn’t someone we’re missing, some 
not wanting to disrupt the work. You are that could be vitally important to finishing variety of talent that’s been overlooked. 
surprised, then, to see Crain standing this project, but I haven’t been able to Then I will know for sure.”
in the road, his hair and face covered in make much progress on my own.”
grease and dirt, chatting with a group of You ask if there’s a list that Logren left, 
merchants as if he didn’t have a care in the Crain digs in his pocket and pulls out but Crain is already walking away, lost in 
world. a scrap of paper. “Logren spoke of thought.

conversations with adventurers and said 
“And so I said to that mercenary, if you they helped her with the device, with 
want your own purified water, you’ll have making the symbols of power. I think she Rewards
to—” Crain pauses as you approach. “Oh, was speaking literally. I think she learned Turn to the next page in the puzzle 
hello there!” When his attention turns to specific lessons from their skills and book.
you, the merchants stealthily slink off magics, so before we go any further, I need 
down the path. to make sure we aren’t missing anything. I 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
59



 60.1 • Call of the Harbinger (56)

Conclusion you understand what is down there. You Hours later, you sit by a fire with Putargal, 
The creature is broken from your fight. It can feel its power from where you stand. and you hear her chuckle. “Do you hear 
writhes on the ground like a speared boar. It is the place from which the demon that?” She asks. You shake your head.
Its bony limbs clench and shiver and its emerged: the realm that lurks behind this 
mouth stretches wide to reveal rows of one. The origin of fear—the birthplace of “Neither do I. Our god hasn’t spoken to us 
vicious teeth. The hateful fire that burned anguish and pain and hate. You feel it deep since the fall of the ice spire.” She reaches 
in its core sputters and snuffs out, the within your being, a recognition that’s into a pouch hanging from her waist and 
demon’s eyes locked on you in a frozen been sewn into all who walk the earth: brings out a small beaded charm.
stare. And with that, it is over. The demon an unshakable, unthinkable terror. Fear 
is dead. grows in your mind until you are forced “I give you this in thanks. It is little, I 

to look away, but when you do, everything know, but it’s not the item itself that’s 
You rise and take a breath. Exhaustion changes. most important, but the intent.” She 
comes on quickly. You’ve done what was hands you the charm and you feel a slight 
needed, and hopefully the corruption No longer are you standing in the demon’s warmth radiating from the trinket. “I am 
has been banished from the forest. The shadow realm but instead back in the sure one day we will find Geryuu’s voice 
Icespeakers can now start their new life in Harrower nest. The floor is coated in again, because of what you did this day.” 
relative peace. But still, something nags carapace and black goo, but the demon’s Putargal nods and then shuffles back to a 
at you. If this fight was truly over, then shadow is gone. The other creatures, those cluster of huts.
why are you still standing in the demon’s that did not fall in battle, have all fled, 
realm? their will to fight apparently vanishing A few days later you watch from a nearby 

along with the source of their corruption. ridge as the Algox make their way into 
Keeping your weapon at the ready, you And so, with heavy arms but a light spirit, the Radiant Forest. They have hoisted all 
walk over to the ruined creature, making you march back out and make your way to that they own onto their backs—folds of 
sure not to get too close. As you draw the Algox camp. leather, weapons, and tools—but as you 
near, the air around it begins to darken. watch, you feel a sense of relief. It is not 
Black threads drift slowly upward from Putargal is waiting when you return. Her peace that you’ve found, but it is perhaps 
the carcass. They rise and thicken, taking face is a mask of matronly patience, a the best this world can offer.
on a more solid form, and then lash over blank expression cemented by years of 
the demon’s body like vines. They gather, waiting for warriors to return, knowing 
more and more of them building up until that they never will. You make a brief Rewards
they have covered the body completely report and the elder nods appreciatively. Gain 1 morale and 1 inspiration. 
and then, all at once, they seize. The ropes Unlock  class box. Gain “Friend 
pull downward with incredible strength “It is a great feat you have done for us.” of the Icespeakers” campaign 
and wrench the demon into the earth, She stands at her full height and surveys sticker. 
snapping its hard bony limbs like twigs. the Icespeaker camp. The rough shelters 
The sight is truly horrific, but it happens have been rebuilt, and the Algox appear Add event SO-51 to the summer 
so quickly that you barely have time to to be on the mend, many of them up and outpost deck. 
process it. working. “Our path will never be an 

easy one, but now we can walk it with Add one  card to the town 
When it’s done, all that’s left is a hole. confidence, knowing that the darkness has guard deck.
You dare not approach it, but even so, been cleansed from our new home.”

 60.2 •  Retires

The Blinkblade finishes reading a long syndicate has increased recently, and they “I can’t say I’ll miss this cold, but, well, 
letter delivered by the mail carrier, and need skilled operatives to fight them back I may just miss you lot.” The Blinkblade 
then folds it up and tucks it in their pack. in the shadows of the capital. These Sin- lingers at the door for a second. “Just a bit, 
 Ra are insidious jerks, and if you don’t nip though.” And then—ZIP—they’re gone.
“Well, looks like I’m needed elsewhere.” their machinations in the bud, well...” The 
You stare at them, somewhat stunned. Blinkblade shrugs their shoulders. “There 
 goes your whole city.” Rewards
“I’ve been offered a job by the Merchant’s  Add event SO-64 to the summer 
Guild in White Oak,” the Blinkblade They slowly finish packing up their outpost deck.
says. “Apparently activity of the Sin-Ra belongings and then move to leave.  

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
60



 61.1 • Orphan’s Core (58)

It’s painful to stand near the light. The “I will not allow it,” the Orphan seethes. energy is left to be had, and if you don’t 
blue energy burns your skin and causes a “I will not.” stop it quickly, you will have to face a 
deep ache in your bones, but you deliver fully revived adversary.
the final strike. The orb cracks, shrieks, The Orphan’s body is wrecked but its 
and explodes into a burl of smoke and fury is not lessened. The lone machine 
blue flame that rises and mingles with the scrambles to its feet and limps down one Special Rules
tangled pipes above. Almost immediately of the adjoining halls, fleeing, you think, Open door 1 and move the Orphan 
the pain subsides and the Orphan drops to until a flash of blue light alerts you to to it.
the ground, its shield disabled. another possibility.

The Orphan can now be damaged and 
“You animals!” The automaton shouts. Its You run after it and turn the corner to immediately suffers  (L+3) xC. In 
mask is knocked loose, hanging askew, find the Orphan, running in halting steps addition, it can now move and focuses 
the blue light behind it leaking out at the past rows of tall, wired columns, drawing on moving toward and occupying 
edges. “Do you realize what you’ve done? out sparks of blue light as it goes. It’s A, then finds a focus as normal and 
How much we have lost because of you?! recharging itself, stealing whatever little performs any other abilities as if it 

had no movement. It is still immune 
to forced movement. “Special 1” now 
targets “self” instead of the glowing 
orb.

At the end of each of the Orphan’s 
turns, for each other monster within 

A  2 of it, the Orphan performs  
 (L+2)/2 (rounded up), then each of 

1 those monsters suffers  (L+2)/2 
(rounded up). If the Orphan’s current 
hit point value ever equals its 

81 maximum, the scenario is lost.

 61.2 • Rusted Tunnels (25)

Special Rules
The large debris has Cx(L+2) hit 
points. It is an enemy to you and 
an ally to all monsters. When it is 
destroyed, instead it becomes a wall. 
Remove all figures, tokens, and tiles 2
occupying D or any hex beyond it, 
and then place another large debris 
wall in D. All removed characters D
become exhausted.

At the start of each round, until the 
large debris in this room is destroyed, 
spawn two Ruined Machines at C. 
These are normal for two characters, 
one is elite for three characters, or 74
both are elite for four characters. C

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
61