en—scenarios that 
s for the 17 classes in Frosthav

ario 
This book contains solo scenario

ss. These scenarios have no scen

can be played using only the corresponding cla
You should not encounter 

kers to go on the campaign map. 
ing them. 

numbers, locations, or stic
form an Outpost Phase after play

a road event before playing them or per
east level 5 and match the 

All characters attempting these scenarios must be at l

icon of the scenario.
, and they are designed to 

These scenarios are harder than normal scenarios
u study 

class. It is recommended that yo
test your skill and knowledge of the 

s, items, and perks 

the scenario before playing and choose your ability card

carefully.
cenario’s 

 item that is exclusive to the s
The reward for each scenario is an

ou may gain one perk 

class. When you gain the item, if you don’t want it, y
nd when a character with one 

mark instead. These items cannot be sold, a m supply. 
es back into the unavailable ite

of these items retires, the item go rn the reward once 
plete their solo scenario and ea

Each character may com ter of the same class completed 

and only once, regardless of whether a charac

it previously.
es in Frosthaven. To help 

The following pages contain spoilers for the class
nts, sorted by class icons:

avoid these, below is a table of conte

..........................14
 ..............................2

 ....

 ..............................15
 ..............................3

............................16
 ..............................4

 ..

 ..............................17
 ..............................6

..............................18
 ..............................7

 

8  ..............................20
 ..............................

................21
 ..............................9

 ..............

..11  ..............................22
 ............................

 ..............................12

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.



Wonder of Nature
Scenario Goals  1 Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all You find you are in the same clearing as   x15 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of your dream, the sky rank with the smell Flame Demon
that round, read the conclusion. of electricity. Here stands the charred 

silhouette of the pine, at its base sizzles 
brush fires from the lightning strike. You Forest Imp

Introduction cannot yet approach, for the fires have 
You stand beneath a roiling sky, a great called forth flame demons, who dance Hound
white pine before you. You feel the among them and taunt you with their 
charged air, as though a clan of Inox blistering tongues.
thunders nearby. A bolt of lightning Snow Door 2
strikes the tree, searing it to the sky in one 
long blaze. Then all goes dark. Conclusion

Log
The last flame has been quelled. You chop 1

A dream. You wake up, feeling homesick into the remains of the tree, discovering 
for a grove you’ve never seen, conquered beneath the blackened bark a core of Snowdrift 3
by humans long before you were born. smoldering white, as hardy as tempered 
Yet you’re convinced the lightning-struck blade. This was no ordinary pine. With 
tree exists nearby. Venturing deep into the your tools, you fashion a club from the Nest 2
woods, you search for it, determined to lightning wood. As you carve decorative 
carve from its husk a new club. runes into its handle, you feel as though Snow Rock

your ancestors are watching—all those 1
The wilderness brings challenges, as it brave Inox fighting a losing battle for their 
should. Ragged hounds. Ragged imps and homeland.
their cackling mouths. You are determined 
to defeat them. You will reach this tree, 
which may have once been important to Rewards
your people. Gain “Wanderer’s Club” 248 .

Special Rules
At the start of the scenario, play one 
card from your available pool (not 
hand) and perform all persistent 
abilities on either the top or bottom 
action of the card. This does not count 
towards your starting hand limit of 12.

Section Links
When door 1 is opened, read 1.

1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
2



Race Against the Clock
Scenario Goals world, you’re accustomed to baring your  1
The scenario is complete when all teeth at risk. Besides, this place and its Alerted now to your presence, the facility 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of treasures might self-destruct if you don’t marshals its defenses. In the next corridor, 
that round, read the conclusion. reach the central chamber in time. hinged panels flip open at your entrance, 

bristling with cannons which are ready to 
launch a barrage of artillery. That clock 

Introduction Special Rules sounds like it’s ticking faster, so the only 
You’ve long desired to study Unfettered Place six damage tokens next to the thing left to do is run.
tech, so when you hear of a spooked map. At the start of each round in 
traveler stumbling upon one of their which you declare Slow, remove one Luckily, speed is one of your specialties.
underground lairs, you’re eager to follow damage token. If the scenario is not 
his directions. Some miles to the east, you completed by the end of the round 
uncover the metal ruins buried in a snow in which the last damage token is Special Rules
embankment. The ice has eroded the roof, removed, the scenario is lost. Place one 2-hex corridor tile on A.
creating a crack beneath an eave. Not the 
type to barge in the front door anyway, All Ancient Artilleries are immune to 
you drop in surreptitiously. Section Links damage and forced movement. No part 

When all enemies in this room are of any jump movement or teleport can 
And immediately trigger a blaring alarm. dead, read 1. enter any hex on map 11-F or door 2.
Soon you’re assaulted by uncanny 
machines: pyramidal, crab-like ones 
which shoot bolts from all sides, and Section Links
ancient, scrap-metal fabrications When door 2 is opened, read 2.
intent upon crushing you. You 
could flee, abandoning your 
mission. But that alarm – Continued on next page.
has now morphed into 
the ominous sound of 
clock ticking, as though 
counting down something, 
and your curiosity is piqued 
even more. As someone who 
lives on the cusp of time, the 
most merciless power in the 

2

A Loot

  x15 

Scenario Key

Ancient Steel 
Artillery Automaton Metal Corridor 1

Robotic 
Boltshooter Metal Door Control 

1 Console 3

Ruined Large Metal 
Machine Corridor 1 Metal Cabinet 2

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
3



 CONT. • Race Against the Clock

 2 you both reach a halted stalemate. You Conclusion
Finally, you arrive at the main laboratory can’t stand frozen in time staring at each It seems a shame to defeat the automaton. 
where a control console greets you. These other forever, so you need to rethink your You have the feeling the Unfettered would 
ancient, cold-chipped devices look as tactics here. understand your drive and worth in ways 
enticing as gold. Before you can salvage, the rough, practical folk of Frosthaven do 
you should probably turn off the switch You admire the automaton’s ability to not. Still, you’re not above dismantling 
that triggered the countdown. But to do so, synchronize, and wonder if it has the the machines. You do so as quickly as you 
you must defeat the console’s guardian— capacity to admire you as well. This fight can, crawling into a nook in the console 
an automaton that rises out of the gloom will be well-matched. and fiddling with the mechanism until you 
like a mountain. A mountain with uncover which ones control the internal 
firearms. clock. The countdown grinds to a halt, and 

Special Rules you begin assessing the other equipment. 
With a few quick taps, you ready your All Ancient Artillery die. Now you can tinker with its innumerable 
gear. Only to discover the Unfettered capabilities at your own leisure. With that 
equipment, on its giant internal clock The Steel Automaton reacts to your infernal clock silent, you have all the time 
somewhere, has the ability to synchronize speed. On rounds in which you declare in the world.
with you. Darting around at preternatural Slow, its  value increases by 1, and 
speed, you realize your enemy has also it cannot perform move abilities. On 
accelerated, matching your pace. rounds in which you declare Fast, its Rewards

has no , cannot gain , and it adds Gain “Recalibration Trigger” 249 .
Reversing, you slow down to evaluate, but +2  to all its attacks.
the automaton slows down, as well, to the 
point where neither of you can move and 

Scouting Ambush
Scenario Goals tracks. You just missed them. Under the Snow quakes from the trees, and from the 
The scenario is complete when all shadow of the trees are the outlines of a top of the hill, a group of polar bears appear, 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of mangled corpse: a horse, half-eaten. Just charging down toward you and your guards, 
that round, read the conclusion. as you notice the enormous pawprints of urged on by the Vermling raiders straddling 

the horse’s predator around it, you hear their backs. You quickly gather together 
roaring. your allies, preparing to defend yourselves.

Introduction
Light snowfall, a desolate stretch of 
road. The only sound is the scrape of Special Rules
greaves from your accompanying guards. When setting up the Scout monster Round Monster Spawned
Vermling raiders have been attacking ability deck, remove Rancid Arrow 
caravans on this once-busy thoroughfare, from the deck, shuffle the remaining 3 B, C, D, and E:  
and you’ve taken it upon yourself to stamp seven cards, then place Rancid Arrow one normal Vermling Scout
out the infestation. on top of the deck.

5 B: one normal Polar Bear;  
The guards grumble that you’re fighting All City Guards are allies to you and D and F: one elite 
an endless battle. Still, you’re grateful for enemies to all other monster types. Vermling Scout
their company. Instead of revealing a monster ability 

card for them each round, they perform 7 A, B and C:  
Up ahead in an escarpment of trees are  L/2 (rounded up) on initiative 50. one elite Vermling Scout
the remains of several wagons. With your 
guards, you investigate the Vermling At the start of each listed round, spawn 9 D and F: one elite Vermling 

the following monsters at the listed Scout; E: One elite Polar 
locations: Bear

– Continued on next page.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

4



 CONT. • Scouting Ambush

Scenario Key Conclusion
The Vermlings and their bears are 

City Guard Large Snow 
Corridor 3 Rubble 3 defeated, but your guards are exhausted 

and cold. Beneath one of the carts is a pile 
of bodies, stripped of their belongings. 

Polar Bear Snow Corridor 1 Debris 5 Grimly you instruct the guards to bury 
them.

Vermling Scout Ice Spikes 3
This group of raiders won’t be bothering 
anyone else. Keeping the roads clear of 
vagabonds is work often little appreciated 

Loot or acknowledged, but someone out there 
will live another day, traveling safely. That 

A B   x15 will have to be enough, for now. One final 
piece of salvage: an old scarf you tie to a 
spear. It will serve as your tattered banner 
on the way back to Frosthaven, where you 
will stow it away with the others you’ve 
collected.

The guards watching you nod approvingly. 
Sometimes that is honor: small, 

C accumulative actions.

Rewards
Gain “Spear of Justice” 250 .

D

E F

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
5



The Dead of Night
Scenario Goals inexorably, like a compass needle toward Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all the northernmost pole. The glowing orb has (Lx3)+6 hit 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of points. It is an ally to you and an 
that round, read the conclusion. And so you follow, far to a stark plateau enemy to all monsters. You can lose 

studded with holes. It was once a hive of one card from your hand or two from 
Harrowers. Yet it lays empty of their lively your discard pile to negate one source 

Introduction energy, filled now with despair. As you of damage to the glowing orb. If the 
The pain from the souls of the dead open your mind to their last moments, you glowing orb is destroyed, the scenario 
follows you everywhere, a persistent ache see them swarming over a giant intruder, is lost.
in the back of your head. Yet occasionally, a god of destruction intent upon flattening 
that pain becomes too great, and you find their home into the dust. They defeated the Night Demons and Black Imps do 
yourself following it instead. It draws you god and protected their plateau, but it cost not innately give disadvantage to all 

them their lives. attacks targeting them.

Trying to calm the desiccated souls At the start of each listed round, spawn 
buzzing in their fear and rage, you are the following monsters at the listed 

A B interrupted by gleeful screeches. It is now locations:
dark, and demons have arrived. They feed, 
it seems, off the pain from the ancient Round Monster Spawned
battlefield. You are part of that pain, and 
so they close in on you. 3 B and D:  

one normal Night Demon

Loot 5 A, B, C, and D:  
Scenario Key one normal Black Imp

  x15 
Black Imp 7 A and C: one elite Black 

Imp
Night Demon 10 B and D:  

one elite Night Demon
Cave Corridor 2

Conclusion
Large Cave 

Corridor 2 Though exhausted after the long skirmish, 
you find yourself more in tune to the 

Large Snow Harrowers’ souls. They fought just as 
Rock 4 well and determinedly. Simple enough to 

guide them to rest. A few resist that final 
Snow Rock 5 sleep, however, and linger with you, flying 

around your head like puffs of smoke. You 
open your urn to welcome them to travel 

Glowing Orb 1 alongside you. Perhaps they can aid you in 
your future encounters.

Rewards
Gain “Soul Urn” 251 .

C D

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
6



Bones in the Dirt
Scenario Goals Section Links In front of its own burial vault stands a 
The scenario is complete when the When door 1 is opened, read 1. skeleton—the remnants of the scholar, 
Hollow Scholar is dead. At the end of no doubt. It holds the codex in its grasp, 
that round, read the conclusion. flicking through the pages. “Looking for 

 1 this? You’ll have to pry it from my cold, 
Accompanied by your lovely horde of dead—” Its fleshless grin widens. “Well, 

Introduction thralls, you descend to the center of the you get the idea.”
Celestial harmonies. Planetary motions valley. Greater demons lumber around 
and the infinite planes. For years, you’ve the snow, kicking aside headstones. To 
hunted down rumors of an ancient scholar progress further, you will need to defeat Special Rules
whose studies coincide with your own, them. But they are merely brutes— The Living Bones is the Hollow 
one whose records were lost when such obstacles in the way of your quest. Scholar. It has Hx2 hit points, has 
otherworldly obsessions rendered the no , and cannot gain . Whenever 
scholar mad. it kills one of your summons, it 

Special Rules performs  1, self.
Lost to all but you. Finally, wandering a Open all doors 1.
plane of the dead, you hear whispers of 
a crypt which only manifests under the Conclusion
black clarity of the new moon. That must Section Links A worthy opponent, that evil and obsessive 
be it, the last resting place of the scholar. When door 2 is opened, read 2. corpse! As obsessive as you, though you 

are not so evil, no... you will use the 
You teleport yourself to the valley scholar’s records for better purposes, won’t 
outside the crypt where the scholar and  2 you? You will take the codex to satiate 
his codex rest. Under the moonless sky, You approach the crypt and blast aside the your own curiosity. Nothing overly sinister 
you’re unsurprised to discover he has door. The codex is a fever in your mind, about that. Nothing at all.
acquired some restless roommates—imps obliterating all other thoughts.
and demons.

Rewards
Loot Gain “Black Earth Codex” 252 .

  x15 

Scenario Key
1 1 1

Earth Demon

Living Bones

Snow Imp

Snow Door 4

Log 2

2
Sarcophagus 2

Tree 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
7



Divide and Conquer
Scenario Goals a fight, and the next you are scattered, The glee from the discordant hum is 
The scenario is complete when 1 has grasping for any coherence at all. evident. That wind was not a natural force. 
been read and all enemies are dead. At Struggling to reassemble, you find you And then, the ambush; from the rocks 
the end of that round, read the conclusion. cannot. You are looking at yourself: split spring creatures organic and not. You’ll 

into your two halves, no longer whole. have to fight as separate forms.

Introduction Special Rules
Is it possible for a Harrower to have a Place both Geminate figures on the map corresponding to the number of each 
headache? For days, you have been battling in the two starting hexes, and place a token and remove those tokens.
one—a blurring heaviness as if you donned character token on one of them. Both 
one of those suffocating woolen cloaks figures are affected by all abilities Token Monster Spawned
the bipeds wear. You find yourself making normally and share the same hit points. 
odd decisions, wandering Frosthaven’s They are allies to each other and enemies 1 D: one normal Lurker 
streets at night, eavesdropping on your to all monsters. Whenever a  or  Wavethrower
companions, planning their demise... icon is resolved, instead of the normal 

effect, switch which figure the character 2 B: one normal Flaming 
Alarmed, you shake away that thought, token is on. At the start of each round, Bladespinner
which was evidently not your own. This you can only play cards from the form the 
new voice is a distinctly different hum character token is on, and all actions you 3 F: one normal Lurker 
from the others occupying your being. You perform during your turn are performed Wavethrower.
must discover its origins before it compels by that figure. Any active bonuses are 
you to harm anyone. only apply to the figure with the character 4 A: one normal Robotic 

token. Monsters do not focus on or target Boltshooter
Following that discordant hum until it’s the figure with no character token.
downright clamorous, you find yourself 5 C: one normal Robotic 
upon a shore beset by vicious tides. Whenever a monster dies, place a Boltshooter
Shadows creep among the rocks, and numbered token next to the map with the 
suddenly a powerful gust of wind targets number equal to the number of monsters 6 E: one normal Lurker Soldier
you. One moment you are preparing for that have died this scenario. At the 

start of each round, for each numbered 7 B: one normal Flaming 
token next to the map, spawn the Bladespinner

A monster in the list on the following page 

Section Links
Loot

At the start of any round, if there are still 
F   x15 numbered tokens next to the map after all 

seven monsters have spawned, read 1.

– Continued on next page.
Scenario Key

B E Flaming Large Snow 
Bladespinner Corridor 1

Ice Wraith Snow Corridor 3

Lightning Eel Large Water 4

D
Lurker Soldier Rubble 2

Lurker 
Wavethrower Water 2

C Robotic Large Snow 
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. UBSoEltsDho WoteIrTH PERMISSION. Rock 2

8



 CONT. • Divide and Conquer

 1 Special Rules whole once again. Merging like two hands 
A wail arises, and from the shoreline Spawn one normal Ice Wraith at either clasped together in warmth, you settle 
arises two misty shadows, identical in starting hex and one elite Ice Wraith into your multiplicity of thoughts, listen to 
their uncertain profiles, yet certain in their at the other starting hex. Place a them rise and fall.
rage. You realize they are some evil ice character token on the elite Ice Wraith.
spirit haunting this coast—the source of Looking to the remains of the spirit, you see 
your headache and the wind. Perhaps it is a The two Ice Wraiths both act each something in the detritus: a mask reflecting 
manifestation of something once destroyed round, but share the same hit points. its dual nature. One side is onyx inlaid with 
by the raging shore, inadvertently cleaved Whenever the first ability of their Shift pearl, the other pearl inlaid with onyx.
in two, just as you were. Form action would be performed, 

instead switch which Ice Wraith the You feel a tug of sympathy for the spirit, 
character token is on. You can only then, and wonder if it understood your 
damage or target the Ice Wraith with perpetual disharmonies. Perhaps it was 
the character token. testing your balance with yourself. 

Regardless, the token is an apt reward for 
this strange journey.

Conclusion
With the split spirit at rest, its voice is 
finally dispelled from your mind. You Rewards
meet with your other half and become Gain “Mask of Duality” 253 .

Path of Ancestry
Scenario Goals “Join us in a test of skill,” their voices echo. A series of altars lines the room, and 
The scenario is complete when the You ask if the test will give you a purpose, with a command from your ancestors’ 
Incarnation of Ancestors is dead. At the and your ancestors chuckle. They reply that manifestation, the altars begin sending 
end of that round, read the conclusion. purpose cannot be sought. Before you can orbs of energy toward it, bolstering its 

question further, you abruptly wake in a powers. Purpose or no, the test of skill is 
dungeon, stunned with light from a nebulous upon you.

Introduction figure—the collated form of your ancestors.
You’ve been inflicted with a dreaded state: 
listlessness.

Special Rules
Although your allies are grateful for The Sun Demon is the Incarnation of they perform  2, focusing on moving 
your insights and skills, your quests have Ancestors and has (Hx2)+4 hit points. It toward and entering the hex occupied 
felt... lackluster. You like helping people. is immune to  and . by the Incarnation. Whenever an Orb 
But material rewards are uninteresting, of Energy enters the hex occupied 
and many of the troubles which inflict At the start of each round after the first, by the Incarnation or vice-versa, the 
Frosthaven seem small in the grand one altar spawns one Orb of Energy in Incarnation performs  X, self, where 
scheme of things. Feeling as if you need an adjacent empty hex, starting with X is the orb’s current hit point value, 
a break from the quotidian, you head off 1 in round 2, then 2 in round 3, 3 and the orb dies. In addition, place the 
alone into the forest. Perhaps a time of in round 4, 4 in round 5, and then lettered token on the Incarnation and 
meditation will rejuvenate you. repeating the cycle with 1 in round 6. remove any lettered tokens previously 

Altars cannot be manipulated. on it.
You find a knoll lit by a rare stream of 
sunlight. Crossing your legs, you descend Orbs of Energy are are represented Instead of the Sun Demon monster 
into the turbulent waters of your mind. A by lettered tokens and are treated as ability deck, the Incarnation uses the 
warm presence touches you. Out of the monsters with L+1 hit points and . boss monster ability deck. Its special 
sun on the hill manifests a menagerie of Spawn A at altar 1, B at 2, C at actions depend on which lettered token 
blindingly white Orchids—the spirits of 3, and D at 4. On initiative 99 each is currently on it. The Incarnation starts 
your ancestors. They bow their crystalline round (in the order A, B, C, D) the scenario with a C token on it.
heads to you in greeting.

– Continued on next page.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

9



 CONT. • Path of Ancestry

Boss Special 1 Boss Special 2 Conclusion
A (Vigor): All orbs perform: A (Vigor): All orbs perform: Having proven your worth, you are 

 L/2 (rounded up), self  1 transported back to the knoll. It is now 
Then the Incarnation performs: Then the Incarnation performs: night. The singular manifestation disperses 

 -1  +0 into the ghostly forms of your ancestors, 
 -1  +0, (  : +1 , ) moonlight piercing through them. 
 B (Precision): All orbs perform: 
B (Precision): Advance the round ,  all,  1 Below, they tell you, sleeps a great evil, 
track one round and spawn the orb Then the Incarnation performs: and its awakening must be prevented. You 
corresponding to that round, which  -1 ask how you should do this, but the clouds 
does not act this round. Then the  +0,  2,  3 are covering the moon, and your ancestors 
Incarnation performs:  are fading. Keep watch, they say, for your 

 +0,  2,   4, (  : +1 , +1 ) C (Resilience): All orbs gain  L/2 next guide. A one-armed Orchid... Their 
C (Resilience): All orbs perform: (rounded up) for the round. Then the voices fall to silence.

 2 Incarnation performs: 
Then the Incarnation performs:  +0 

+0  -1,  3 Rewards
 +0  :  2 Gain “Ancestral Blade” 254 .
 D (Power): All attacks targeting orbs 
D (Power): All orbs perform: this round gain disadvantage. Then the 
All adjacent enemies suffer  1. Incarnation performs: 
Then the Incarnation performs:  -1 

 -2  +1 
 +2, (  : )  

Loot Scenario Key

  x15 
Sun Demon Water 8

2
Dungeon 
Corridor 4 Altar 4

Large Dungeon 
Corridor 3 Large Debris 4

1 3

4

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
10



Crumbling Descent
Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all When all revealed enemies are dead,   x15 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of read 1 at the start of the next round. Burrowing 

Blade
that round, read the conclusion.

Earth Demon
Introduction

You’re so close you can feel it. The Rending Drake
tremendous, steady rhythm below, 
growing stronger the further underground 
you go. You’ve lost track of time, Lava 4
descending the old lava tunnels of the 
Coppernecks in search of the Mountain’s Stalagmites
Heart—an artifact said to embody the 2
power of the earth. Your search has 
become an obsession, which none of 
your surface allies would find surprising. 
Although their excursions have frequently 
entertained you, your ultimate aim is 
always to gain mastery over the elements.

Unfortunately, your obsession runs you into 
some unforeseen trouble. In your fervor 
to follow the heartbeat, you don’t realize 
until too late that you’ve disrupted a nest of 
burrowing blades. They break through the 
walls around you, their snouts as sharp as 
a stonemason’s chisel, determined to rout 
you out of their mountain.

 1

Your battle is a glorious one. You are in 
the midst of killing the last beast when Special Rules
the ground begins to quake. The frenzied Remove tile 11-B from the map and 
tunneling has eroded the stability of the set up tile 13-D. Place one 1-hex lava 
cavern. The ground crumbles away as the tile in any empty hex, then place 
tunnels cave in. your figure in the same hex (without 

suffering damage).
Falling, you latch yourself onto a boulder 
and steer away from other rocks with 
blasts of heat, only to slam to a halt. You Section Links
roll off the boulder and are immediately When all revealed enemies are dead, 
assaulted by the residents of a new read 2 at the start of the next round.
cavern—drakes who know exactly who to 
blame for all this demolition.

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
11



 CONT. • Crumbling Descent

You’ve defeated the last drake, but the A monstrous, living pile of rocks rises Conclusion
fight buckles the weakened cavern, beneath you. The heartbeat’s tempo Your final blow shudders through the 
sending you plummeting once again. increases and you realize the Mountain’s living rocks. They explode apart, scattering 
Clinging to yet another rock, you have the Heart resides within this very entity. about the cavern. Smoldering in the center 
fleeting thought that maybe you should of the largest rock lies the Heart. You 
give up on this blasted quest. To prove yourself to the Heart,  approach reverently, retrieving it from the 

you must defeat its avatar. smoky remains. It burns fiercely in your 
But upon landing, you are ecstatic to hands, a jagged ruby of power. You raise 
realize this final cavern is your destination. it above your head and laugh in triumph. 
The heartbeat thrums loud and strong Only to hear that laugh echo back, ringing 
through your rocky veins. As you stand, off this giant, empty space. A space whose 
however, your footing becomes precarious. exits you’ve summarily destroyed.

You look around as the dust settles. You 
Special Rules got yourself in this mess, now it’s time to 
Remove tile 13-D from the map and set find a way to get yourself out.
up tile 15-B. Place your figure in any 
lava hex (without suffering damage).

Rewards
The Earth Demon is the Mountain’s Gain “Mountain’s Heart” 255 .
Heart. It has Hx2 hit points. At the start 
of each of its turns, remove one 1-hex 
hazardous terrain tile closest to it.

Tuning the Resonance
Scenario Goals sticking out like irregular teeth, damaging As someone driven by questions of the 
The scenario is complete when all the hallowed formations. You survey from ineffable, you typically respect others’ 
enemies in it are dead and all ice a high vantage point until you spot their spiritual pursuits. Yet these Algox have 
pillars are destroyed. At the end of cause. A group of Algox Icespeakers are overstepped themselves. You must drive 
that round, read the conclusion. raising them, transforming the site in them out before they destroy the plateau 

homage to their own divinity. beyond recognition.

Introduction
Whenever the clamor of Frosthaven Special Rules
overwhelms you, disrupting your inner All stalagmites and ice pillars have are destroyed, the scenario is lost.
harmonies, the Copperneck Mountains L+5 hit points. Stalagmites are allies 
begin to call. At the timberline sits a plateau to you and enemies to all monsters. Ice At the end of each of your turns, gain 
sacred to your people. Expanding ice has pillars are enemies to you and allies to X additional resonance, where X is the 
formed a series of quartz-sandstone columns all monsters. At the end of each round, number of stalagmites within  3 of you 
which soar into the sky and direct the wind each revealed stalagmite suffers  1 minus the number of ice pillars within 
and the tones of the earth to a tranquil pitch. for each ice pillar within  3 of it, and,  3 of you. X cannot be less than zero.

simultaneously, each revealed ice pillar 
You plan to meditate there to reset your suffers  1 for each stalagmite within Throughout the scenario, all Algox 
resonances, but upon your arrival, you  3 of it. If all stalagmites in any room Icespeakers are immune to .
sense something is wrong. The tones 
feel off, sharper somehow. An unnatural 
intrusion mars the landscape: icy pillars Section Links – Continued on next page.

When door 1 is opened, read 1.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

12



 CONT. • Tuning the Resonance

1

 1 Conclusion Scenario Key Loot
You’ve defeated the peripheral Algox, The destruction from the ice pillars   x15 
but the last one, their chief, an influential was exacerbated by the battle. Though Algox Archer
Icespeaker, stomps around the center the wind settles between the remaining 
of the plateau, blue eyes glittering with formations, soothing your frequencies to a Algox 
menace. She shouts a challenge at you and softer tone, many of the resonance pillars Icespeaker
sends a cascade of ice pillars rumbling in have collapsed into heaps of rubble.
your direction. Snow Door 2

Still, you listen for a time, attuning 
yourself to the mournful remembrances 

Special Rules of conflict. Every resonance has a story Snow Rock 2
The elite Algox Icespeaker is the Chief and this one will no longer be a peaceful 
of Spikes. It adds +1  and  to all one. As you make to leave, you collect a Ice Pillar
its attacks. piece of quartz from one of the broken 6

pillars. Perhaps when you are ready, you 
Begin tracking the rounds. At the will absorb the power from it and become Stalagmites 6
end of each even round, the Chief of a living memento of what the plateau 
Spikes creates one ice pillar in any used to be.
empty hex within  2 of it.

Rewards
Gain “Sonorous Shard” 256 .

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
13



A Magnificent Trap
Scenario Goals Special Rules Conclusion
The scenario is complete when all At the start of the scenario, place one Your traps have reminded the Algox 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of  trap each in any four empty hexes that Vermlings are not to be trifled 
that round, read the conclusion. on the map. with. Whooping in pain and fear, they 

beat a hasty retreat, and the Vermlings 
All Algox Snowspeakers have -1   erupt into cheers. You begin to quietly 

Introduction on all their ranged abilities. dismantle your mechanisms, but then the 
Having rigged a series of traps around the villagers spring their own trap on you. A 
forest, you now doze in the branches of a At the start of each listed round, spawn celebration! You feel bombarded as they 
tree, awaiting the twilit hours for elusive the following monsters at the listed ply you with drink and abundant feasting. 
quarry like arctic kits and frost demons. locations: A band starts playing music. You accept 
But your nap is interrupted prematurely your reward and meekly nibble on seed 
as you feel the rope beside your tail grow Round Monster Spawned crackers, but duck out before anyone can 
taut. The protesting squeaks below sound drag you into a dance.
neither fox- nor demon-like. Looking 3, 7 C: one normal Algox Guard
down, you spot a tangle of spindly limbs You drift off into the forest as a light snow 
and are mortified to discover your net falls and the moon ascends. This is your 
has captured a fellow Vermling. You 4, 6, 8 A: one normal Wind Demon true reward, you think: a return to this 
recognize her as the elder of a nearby silvery peace and quiet.
village you visited and release the net.

5 C: one normal Algox Guard; 
“We’ve been looking for you,” she huffs. B: one normal Algox Rewards
“Just after you left, we were attacked by Snowspeaker Gain “Sly Camouflage” 257 .
Algox marauders! They’ve ransacked us, 
and we’re worried they’ll return for more.” 9 B: one normal Algox 

Snowspeaker
Since the Vermlings cannot defeat the 
Algox through brute force, they hope 
your traps can even the odds. You’re 
flattered and a little embarrassed, but 
never one to shy away from a challenge. 
After following the Vermling back to her Loot Scenario Key
village, you map out the perimeter and   x15 
begin designing an elaborate trap network. Algox Guard

Algox 
Snowspeaker

A Wind Demon

Large Snow 
Corridor 3

B
Snow Corridor 2

Damage Trap 4
C

Log 3

Snow Rock 3

Tree 3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
14



A Collection of Suffering
Scenario Goals To make matters worse, demons patrol Special Rules
The scenario is complete when ten among the dry lava floes. They mark you At the start of each round, perform 
enemies are dead. At the end of that as an intruder and begin to surround you.  DxL/2 (rounded down), self, where 
round, read the conclusion. Though stricken with fatigue, you have no D is the number of enemies that 

choice but to defeat them. have died in the scenario. This heal 
is unaffected by and cannot remove 

Introduction negative conditions.
After being trapped in the Void, you have Special Rules
avoided traveling to other planes. There’s At the start of each listed round, 
plenty of pain to harness here, after all. But spawn the following monsters at the Conclusion
one day a fellow Aesther, the Boneshaper, listed locations: The landscape lights up with pillars of 
regales you with stories of a plane they spouting lava. The volcano returns to its 
heard word of. Supposedly the earth itself Round Monster Spawned former glory, sheets of lava cascading 
channels pain the same way you do.   down its sides. The magma engulfs the 

1, 5,  A: one normal  body of a slain demon, burning away all 
You agonize over whether to venture off, 9, etc. Flame Demon but its skull, which pulses with the power 
but even your own agony is sustenance, and of the plane.
eventually bolsters you. Unwilling to pass 2, 6,  B: one normal  
up this chance to better understand your 10, etc. Sun Demon All of this draws more demons, who are 
abilities, you ask the Boneshaper to direct now closing ranks around you. You quickly 
you to this plane. In the wilderness, they 3, 7,  A: one normal  grab the skull and rip open a rift to return 
open a portal inside the husk of a light- 11, etc. Earth Demon to Frosthaven. 
ning-struck tree, but they warn you that 
you will have to find your own way back. 4, 8,  B: one normal  Stepping through into a drizzly night, you 

12, etc. Chaos Demon close the rift and breathe a sigh of relief. 
Journeying alone, you step into this But you feel renewed, no longer wary of 
other plane. It is host to a long-dormant, the planes and what dangers they may hold.
underground volcano. The deadened air Section Links
reminds you of the Void. Thinking this When any enemy dies, read 1.
was a mistake, you attempt to leave, only Rewards
to find you can’t. The portal has sealed Gain “Skull of Agony” 258 .
behind you. You slice open your palm to  1
use your powers and open another, but feel When the first demon falls, geysers of 
no energy, only dull, unremarkable pain. steam and molten minerals explode out of 
Your powers have been sapped!  the ground. This plane is returning to life, Scenario Key Loot

and you experience a surge of vigor. The   x15 
earth desires more suffering, and you plan Chaos Demon
to deliver.

Earth Demon
A

Flame Demon

Sun Demon

Cave Corridor 3

Large Cave 
Corridor 2

Lava 4

B
Glowing Orb 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
15



Fighting Snow with Snow
Scenario Goals Special Rules Conclusion
The scenario is complete when all Place a lettered token in each A Your vortex of snow spins away the final 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of and C. These are runes of power. Place enemy. Your allies cheer and gather 
that round, read the conclusion. a numbered token in each B and C. around you as the wind dies down, 

These are the rune workers, who are praising your finesse in battle. The clan 
allies to you and enemies to all monsters. leader grabs your arm in a hearty grip. 

Introduction They have L+1 hit points and  2. They “May divine Geryuu appreciate the 
“Bad news,” Glint, the Inox record-keeper take no actions and have an initiative of sacrifices we have made in this snow 
at the town hall mutters. He’s taken 99 for the purpose of monster focusing. today. May it be known that we will never 
you aside to show you a recently posted For each rune worker that occupies a hex intermingle with such vile sorts!” 
bounty. You quickly realize why he’s with a rune of power, add +1  to one of 
is concerned. The bounty calls for the your or your allies’ attacks per turn. The clan gifts you one of their runic 
elimination of a group of fellow Algox carvings. You stay with them a few days 
Snowspeakers who are wreaking havoc At the start of each listed round, spawn to celebrate, listening to them craft tales 
across the countryside. the following monsters at the listed boasting of your grace and command of 

locations: the elements. Your return to Frosthaven 
“Being a big guy myself,” Glint says with seems innocuous in comparison, no one 
a touch of pride, putting his fist to his Round Monster Spawned the wiser for your deeds. Although the 
broad chest, “I know what it’s like to keep next time you see Glint, he gives you a 
needing to prove you’re not a threat.” He 4 E: One elite Frost Demon knowing nod.
eyes a guard walking by, dripping slush 
onto his clean floors. “Not to those who 7 Both D: One normal Wind 
don’t deserve it, anyway.” Demon Rewards

Gain “Storm Carving” 259 .
You thank Glint and take the bounty. Your 10 E: one elite Algox 
allies in Frosthaven understand that your Snowspeaker
people have different perspectives 
and beliefs, but acts of violence 
such as these could erode that Scenario Key
understanding. Losing their trust 
could be perilous. D E D Algox 

Snowspeaker

Eventually, you track the 
Snowspeakers to where they Frost Demon

are gathering to attack another 
Algox clan’s encampment. Wind Demon
The clan leader welcomes your 
help. “We’ve set up a defensive 
line.” She points to a group of Large Snow 

Corridor 3
workers inscribing runes into 
wood carvings to be placed in Snow Corridor
the snow. “But we keep getting 1
overwhelmed.” 

Ice Spikes 3
When the attack comes, it 
becomes evident why the 
encampment is outnumbered. A C Log 2
The Snowspeakers have made 
pacts with demons. Your enemies A A Snow Rock
appear on the horizon, and you 2
station yourself among the rune C A
workers, prepared to face them. Loot

B B B B
  x15 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
16



Under the Ice
Scenario Goals Special Rules Special Rules
The scenario is complete when the all The altars are immune to damage at The altars can now be damaged and have 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of this time. (Lx2)+6 hit points. They are allies to you 
that round, read the conclusion. and enemies to all monsters. If all altars 

are destroyed, the scenario is lost.
Section Links

Introduction When the Steel Automaton is dead, Set the round track to the first round. 
Your sleep has been troubled lately— read 1. At the start of each listed round, spawn 
almost blasphemous. Images of the the following monsters at the locations 
Unfettered infiltrate your unconsciousness. listed on the following page.
They trundle toward you on infernal gears,  1
and the holy voice of Geryuu crackles out Your triumph over the automaton is short- Round Monster Spawned
of them. Not from the ice as it should, but lived. As soon as it topples, it triggers a self-
from machines. You wake up in a sweat. destruct sequence within the complex, which 2 A and B: One normal  

unhinges panels in the floor and releases a Ruined Machine
You’ve heard the Unfettered have been host of Unfettered. You charge them, but they 
spotted around the Crystal Fields—a holy immediately pivot toward the power cores. 5 C: One normal  
site for all Icespeakers, where the physical Ancient Artillery
words of Geryuu are thrust up from the earth If they are so intent upon destroying the cores, 
to form the spires there. If the Unfettered are that must mean they could be of some value 7 D: One normal  
profaning this place with their presence, then to you. What if the cores aren’t creating a Ancient Artillery
perhaps your dreams are directing you to a counterfeit of Geryuu’s word? Maybe they are 
purpose. You must investigate. a legitimate sign. Who determines what is and 8 A: One elite Flaming 

isn’t truth after all? Not you, that’s for certain. Bladespinner
You travel to the outskirts of the Crystal 
Fields and survey. The Unfettered You must accept that you cannot disavow 10 C: One normal  
are indeed present, appearing and what you do not understand. And to Ruined Machine
disappearing among the spires somehow. understand, you must protect the cores. 
You approach the spire with the most If you can recover one,  11 D: One normal  
activity around it, but up close, no you can study it. Ruined Machine
entrances are evident. You punch against 
the frost until the outer shell of ice is C 12 A and B: One normal  
smashed away, revealing a metal structure Ancient Artillery
beneath. You wrench aside a 
panel and drop in. – Continued on next page.

The room is freezing, and Scenario Key Loot
in the center is a large 
chunk of ice. It refracts Ancient   x15 

Artillery
the mechanic glint of 
three power cores A Flaming 
surrounding it. As Bladespinner
you watch, the 
cores generate Ruined 

Machine
sheets of ice over 
the opening you B Steel 
made. Machines Automaton
creating the spires! It is 
like they are manufacturing Large Metal 

Corridor 2
the word of Geryuu.

Metal Corridor
Repulsed by these lies, you don’t notice 1
what the chunk of ice encases. Sensing 
your presence, the steel automaton within Ice 3
comes to life, shattering the ice around it D
to attack you.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMAlItSarSION. 3

17



 CONT. • Under the Ice

Conclusion You sit beside it, feeling defeated. The A prism with a message. You can’t 
Your victory is bittersweet, and your biting wind swirls around you. You think read it yet, but a sense of peace steals 
faith on rocky ground. After recovering of your colleagues back in Frosthaven over your mind. Such beauty can hold 
from battle, you delicately remove the who meditate, wondering if such a nothing but Geryuu.
most intact core. It is still damaged, practice would benefit you. Before you 
though, a crack splitting it down the can calm your storming mind, however, 
middle. You take it outside in the cold, the core activates once again. Ice creeps Rewards
glittering sun. over the crack, a slow fractal formation Gain “Freezing Orb” 260 .

that crystallizes into a branching pattern. 

Recharge
Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all Shuffle numbered tokens 1 to 3 At the start of each listed round, spawn 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of face-down next to the map. At the start the following monsters at the listed 
that round, read the conclusion. of each round, flip one token face- locations:

up and place it on the corresponding 
metal cabinet, removing any other Round Monster Spawned

Introduction tokens on other metal cabinets. A token 
Like all creatures with a central nervous represents a metal cabinet that was 3 D: One normal Living Bones
system, Harrowers must sleep. They struck by lightning this round. While 
simply go eerily still in a safe place. You you are adjacent to a metal cabinet 
are confounded by this process and have with a numbered token, you and all 4 E: One normal Living Bones
tried to imitate it, being an admirer of your summons add +1  to all your 
Harrowers for how similar they are to you. attacks. At the end of your turn, if you 
But unfortunately, that is where similarity are adjacent to a metal cabinet with 5 B and C: One normal  
ends. Your own system drains at a steady a numbered token, you perform  1, Living Spirit
clip no matter your level of activity.  all,  8. If, at the start of a round, 

numbered tokens 1 to 3 are all face- 7 D: One normal Frozen 
If you were still part of the Unfettered up, retrieve them all and shuffle them Corpse
network, you could recharge that way. face down next to the map again.
But your independence, while largely 8 E: One normal Frozen 
beneficial, has its downsides. You must You act before your summons each round Corpse
be proactive and tap into local electrical and are before them in the initiative 
energies. To do so, you journey out to your order. Your summons still do not act in 10 D and E: One normal  
preferred “place of rest”: an ancient crypt the round they are summoned, but any Living Bones
open to the elements. And the elements are other summon that is placed on the map 
exactly what you need. In the midst of a from a transfer ability will still act.
storm, you set up your energy collectors to 
attract the lightning.

Section Links
Unfortunately, you attract more than just At the start of round 12, read 1.
lightning. From the crypt arises a host of 
undead. You are near depletion, yet rally 
yourself to fight as the Harrower would, – Continued on next page.
every small component synchronized for 
action.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
18



 CONT. • Recharge

 1 A new bolt of lightning flashes through Conclusion
These terrible creatures are after the sky and strikes down on this new As the lightning storm dissipates and the 
your energy collectors! It seems you enemy. The corpse’s desiccated limbs energy fades from the atmosphere, you 
have disrupted their sleep. While you crackle with energy, lighting up the finally defeat the last corpse. With your 
sympathize, feeling weary yourself, remaining tufts of its hair with blue batteries fully charged, the triumph of 
if you leave now, you might become sparks. It seems the warmth has not only the battle sings through your collective. 
unalive yourself. Defeating many of thawed it completely, but worse, has You begin to pack up, reassembling 
your foes, you seem to be gaining the empowered it. It bears down on you all yourself with that humming steadiness 
upper hand when an enormous Algox the more rapidly. your nervous-system associates call 
corpse tears out of the ground. It is “spirited.” During moments like these, 
frozen and moves stiffly, a putrid roar you come close to an understanding. 
crackling from its icy mouth. Special Rules Their brand of alive-ness will never be 

Spawn one elite Frozen Corpse at A. quite like yours, but vigor and vitality 
This is the Energized Corpse. It has are universal sensations.
Hx2 hit points and adds +1  to all its 
moves.

Rewards
Gain “Energized Module” 261 .

Loot Scenario Key
A

  x15 
Frozen Corpse

B C Living Bones

Living Spirit

Dungeon 
Corridor 1

Large Dungeon 
Corridor 3

1 Large Snow 
Corridor 2

Rubble 5

Metal Cabinet 3

2 3
D E

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
19



Boiler Room
Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all Place a numbered 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of token in the regular 
that round, read the conclusion. pressure section of 

your character mat. 
At the start of each 

Introduction round after the first, 
In Frosthaven, those of flesh and bone move this token to 
receive reports from the outside via the next position in 
travelers who defy danger and inclement the following order: 
weather to deliver their messages, often regular—low—high—
taking months to do so. They call it “the over—then back to regular to repeat 
post.” You call it inefficient. Your allies the cycle. If your steam token is in the 
among the Unfettered send messages over section the numbered token moves 
long distances through blinking lights, to when it moves, gain the following 
which requires much less effort. effect, based on the position:

It is through this that you learn about a Regular: Perform  L+2, self.
nearby Unfettered power complex. The 
place was once steam-powered, as you are, Low: Whenever you suffer damage 
but is now sadly defunct. Or was defunct. this round, suffer 2 less damage.
One day, the light network reports that one 
of the complex’s generators shows signs of High: One enemy within  2 suffers 
powering up. Though normally moderated trap damage.
in your feelings, this stirs what the blood-
born might call hope. You’ve long wished Over: Whenever an enemy causes 
to understand your body’s mechanisms, you to suffer damage this round, that 
and if the generator is using steam in the enemy suffers  2.
same manner, you may gain insight into 
your own existence.

Section Links
To reach the power complex, you travel When door 1 is opened, read 1.
to a rocky gorge and scale the icy cliffs it 
is embedded in. The journey up the cliffs 1
is arduous, but you aren’t an organic, 
inhibited by muscle weariness or a fear Scenario Key
of heights. Once inside the complex, 
you wind through the rusted corridors, Ancient 

Artillery
wondering if you trod these paths in a 
past iteration. Since you are one of the Flaming 
Unfettered, the power complex leaves Bladespinner
you unmolested, as you anticipated. No 
Unfettered appear to bar your way. Ruined 

Machine

Up until you reach the chamber with the Steel 
generator, at least. Suddenly an alarm Automaton
blares. Your entrance has activated the 
chamber’s defenses. Mindless drones pile Metal Door 2
in, intent upon rousting you out.

Lava 4

Power Conduit 4 Loot – Continued on next page.

Rubble   x15 
4

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
20



 CONT. • Boiler Room

 1 Conclusion might liken to achieving harmony in 
With the first round of drones defeated, With the mindless ones defeated, you music. You feel at peace. 
you prepare yourself to face more as you can be alone now with your thoughts. 
continue through the chamber. On alert, The power generator pressurizes the And best of all, you feel more efficient. 
you keep your weapons raised and steam chamber to a level which feels slightly The power generator has taught you much, 
primed at high heat. One of your greatest uncomfortable, until you realize it is your and you leave the complex rejuvenated and 
advantages is that you can be ready for pressure within your own systems causing more streamlined than ever before.
threat, whilst also taking measured note the discomfort. Attaching a limb to the 
of your surroundings. As you continue on, power generator allows you to adjust your 
you study the workings of the chamber own cycle, that perpetual burn and flow Rewards
and file away this knowledge for future of fuel and steam, until you match the Gain “Exhaust Boots” 262 .
examination. When more drones arrive, pressure in the chamber. The sensation is 
you shift your focus to them. something your allies back in Frosthaven 

Wet Work
Scenario Goals Scenario Key
The scenario is complete when the 
Abael Warlord is dead. At the end of Abael Herder Piranha Pig
that round, read the conclusion.

Abael Scout Cave Door 2
Introduction

You are taking some much-needed time Burrowing 
Blade Nest 3

to yourself, sheltering in the cabin of a 
drowned merchant vessel when you hear 
commotion on the tilted deck. Emerging Stalagmites 3
with claws raised, you encounter a group 
of other Lurkers, who quickly flash 
images of flowing seaweed, signs of 
peace. These Lurkers, it turns out, 
need your help. Their home 
in a nearby cliff face is 
being ravaged by 
burrowing 

2

1

Loot – Continued on next page.
  x15 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
21



 CONT. • Wet Work

Introduction (Cont.)  1 feed you to my underlings, crab, in a great 
blades, who are carving out a fortress in After leaving behind the scouts, the tunnel feast once my fortress is complete!”
the service of an Abael warlord. ends in a pocket-like cavern where the 

creatures are kept. This is their nesting site, Silence is your greatest ally, and you 
You hiss in anger. If the Abael succeeded, and you watch them wriggle around, butting cloak yourself in it. The warlord’s eyes 
your own territory would be compromised, their sharp snouts against each other. widen as you fade into the shadows. 
and who knows how much further the It backs away, sending piranha pigs 
Abael’s power would extend with such You debate leaving them behind, but snuffling in your direction.
prime real estate? There is no love lost they may continue burrowing on their 
among the Abaeli and your people, so you own, eroding the integrity of the cliff, or 
readily agree to assassinate this warlord another Abael could come along and abuse Special Rules
before it is too late. their nature. Unfortunately, you must The Abael Herder is the Abael 

destroy them. Warlord. It has Hx2 hit points. It is 
Because of the Abael’s beasts, the cliff is still considered an elite enemy for the 
now furrowed with tunnels, as numerous purpose of character abilities.
as the notches on your claws—one notch Special Rules
for each kill. It is easy enough to scuttle Remove all Abael Scouts not within 
clandestinely through them. Soon, you  4 of door 1 from the map. Door Conclusion
overhear a patrol ahead: Abael scouts who 2 is locked until all Burrowing The warlord, though a rather graceless 
cannot fathom what these shadows hold. Blades are dead. foe, has fallen gracefully to death. Your 

mission complete, you don’t wait around, 
craving the solitude that was interrupted.

Special Rules Section Links
At the start of the scenario, gain . When door 2 is opened, read  2. Outside of the cliff, you pass by the 

clan of Lurkers, who have witnessed the 
Throughout the scenario, all Piranha remaining Abaeli fleeing and are cheering, 
Pigs can target and focus on you  2 knowing you defeated the warlord. Some 
even when you have . Whenever a You leave behind a room of corpses, pause as if they feel you passing. But 
Piranha Pig attacks you, you lose . unremorseful. The sea takes and gives in you are nothing—just a moment in their 

equal measure, and they shall decay into minds, like the memory of a distant 
the cliff and become part of the shore. As nightmare or a shiver on the waves.

Section Links you will too, someday.
When door 1 is opened, read 1. You retreat to your drowned vessel and 

At last you reach the final cavern, where hunker down, relishing the abyssal silence.
the warlord awaits you behind a contingent 
of piranha pigs. The Abael scoffs at your 
appearance. “You think you can frighten Rewards
me? I have scoured the deep, spent years Gain “Warlord’s Skull” 263 .
in the trenches, and seen worse than your 
puny crustacean brain can imagine! I will 

Crash Against the Waves
Scenario Goals a place any Lurker worth their sea salt would crowd around, colorful fish darting in and 
The scenario is complete when Plea for recognize: the location of the Beholding around the countless appendages. You await 
Help Without Answer is dead. At the the Sky through the Waves tournament. A your turn, veiled in an alcove of fan coral.
end of that round, read the conclusion. prestigious contest, the tournament pits only 

the most esteemed Lurkers against each The other contestants are twitchy, smelling 
other. Looks like you’re one of them. the land on your shell, and you glean 

Introduction snippets of their disapproving thoughts. 
The invitation is a bioluminescent painting You set off alone to descend into the sea. You’ve been spending too much time away 
made up of deep sea fronds and algae. It The stadium is a living entity, the coral from the sea. Luckily, the tournament may 
depicts an arena at the bottom of the ocean, stage and benches sculpted by mindful be just the thing to prove that you have not 

Lurker cultivators. Clutches of Lurkers forsaken your people.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSI–O CNo.ntinued on next page.

22



 CONT. • Crash Against the Waves

Special Rules  1  2
Set the round track to the first round. You suspect you were underestimated in The clawcrusher has fallen and the crowd 
At the start of the third round, spawn the initial challenge, and you look to the is frenzied, half in support of you and half 
one elite Lurker Wavethrower at old adjudicate consulting with the other not, all fixated on your ranking. In the 
A and one elite Lightning Eel in judges to determine whom you shall be final round, you feel the mindsnipper’s 
each hex adjacent to it. The Lurker matched with next. From the sidelines presence even before you see it. It assaults 
Wavethrower is Lost in Seaweed. stomps out an armored clawcrusher; a you with images of your inevitable failure, 
It has Hx2 hit points. In addition to Lurker large enough to snap a ship mast of the shame that will be heaped upon you. 
all other abilities it performs, it also in twain without a second thought. You You are a land-lover, it taunts, a two-leg 
summons one normal Lightning Eel at can’t match this Lurker physically, but you at heart, and you do not deserve your 
the end of each of its turns. All hexes have the tide. You marshal the currents, position as a Lurker guardian. You want to 
are treated as water for the purposes preparing to overwhelm your foe. flee, but that is ridiculous. You have come 
of Lightning Eel summoning and this far and cannot give up.
movement.

Special Rules
Set the round track to the first round. Special Rules

Section Links At the start of the fourth round, spawn Set the round track to the first round. 
When Lost in Seaweed is dead,  one elite Lurker Clawcrusher at A. At the start of the fourth round, spawn 
read 1. This is Shape Blocks Out the Sun. It one elite Lurker Mindsnipper at A. 

has Hx3 hit points, is immune to , This is Plea for Help Without Answer. 
and adds -1  to all its moves and  It has Hx3 hit points, is immune to  
+1  to all its attacks. and , and has  (L/3)+2 (rounded 

up) but no .
Section Links
When Shape Blocks Out the Sun is Conclusion
dead, read 2. Your opponent crouches low, stowing 

its claws beneath its body in a sign of 
capitulation. A tsunami: that is what the 
crowd’s thoughts feel like, tossing you 

Loot in their tumultuous joy. The barnacled 
Scenario Key adjudicate approaches with your trophy—a 

A   x15 medallion made of a fossilized ammonite, 
Lightning Eel the spiral representing the perseverance of 

the Lurkers in the long curl of time.
Lurker 

Clawcrusher You have succeeded in reminding your 
people that you are fighting for them, even 

Lurker if you must spend time on dry land allying 
Mindsnipper yourself with species often strange and 

confounding. Someday, perhaps, you may 
Lurker 

Wavethrower return to the sea for a time of peace.

Altar 2 Rewards
Gain “Spiraled Medallion” 264 .

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
23



CREDITS:

Scenario design: Isaac Childres

Additional scenario design (  and ): Marcel Cwertetschka-Mattasits

Development: Drew Penn and Dennis Vögele

Writing: Shannon Campbell

Art: David Demaret and Alexandr Elichev

Graphic Design: Josh McDowell

Layout: Daly Design, Inc. (Aaron Estepa and Jennifer Zarate)

Playtesting: Dan Burras, Justin Dowell, Broc Grigsby, Tyvan Grossi, Charles McCloud, Wilting Moon,  

 Conrad Oakes, Scott Olaveson, Kalim Oldziey, Catherine Sturgis, and William Wilson

Cephalofair Games, LLC Cephalofair Games ApS
680 Lighthouse Ave #240 Fredericiagade 15 B, st. th.
Pacific Grove, CA 93950 1310 Copenhagen
United States Denmark

Cephalofair Games, LLC
cephalofair.com 105 Victoria St

Westminster, London SW1E 6QT
United Kingdom Made in China

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

CPH0602
First Printing