22.1 • Heart of Ice (4)

Conclusion “We have no quarrel with the human The chief wordlessly raises her chin, a 
The Icespeaker chief, his body immense town,” the Snowspeaker chief says. “In menacing blue light grows around the tips 
and heavy, finally crashes into the ground. return for your aid, for now you will have of her fingers, and the grumbles stop. She 
His frozen fists shatter like glass. For a no trouble from our tribe. Yet we cannot considers you again, and comes to another 
moment there is silence. predict what the Icespeakers will do. If decision.

you wish for safety, help us do away with 
“You have helped us reclaim what is these blasphemers once and for all. Before “These warriors are here by the will of 
rightfully ours,” a voice says. It’s the we came here, we spotted a group of Geryuu, and it would be foolish not to use 
Snowspeaker chief, her brow bleeding. Icespeakers north of the Whitefire Wood. their aid. But one of our champions will 
“Now you must tell me why you did it.” What they’re doing there, we do not know, aid them in this fight,” she says, “as any 

but they will launch a counterattack if we good alliance requires both sides to be 
Seeing no alternative, you opt for honesty: do not intervene. I charge you then: kill tested.”
You say that you’ve come here in response those who wish us harm, and we will see 
to the Icespeaker attack on Frosthaven on a about this peace.” Rewards
mission to secure the town’s safety. You’d Unlock  class box. 
hoped that by helping the Snowspeakers, Seeing peace within your grasp, you agree  
you’d be able to broker some sort of to the terms. New Scenario: Frozen Crypt 5
alliance, or at least a truce. You’re not sure 
how sincere this all sounds with so much “Chief Lanprul,” one of the Snowspeakers 
blood covering your clothes, but you do yells from the restless crowd. “We do not Section Links
your best to put on a straight face. need these soft, tiny creatures to defeat the Immediately read 63.1.

Icespeakers! Geryuu is on our side!”

 22.2 • Avalanche (6)  22.3 • Vermling Siege

“It’s just snow,” you keep telling yourself. You rally the troops, massing them behind 
You’ve faced the giant Algox, packs of the gate. When the alarm bell rings, the 
wolves, and far worse threats on your doors open and Frosthaven’s finest flood 
journey so far. You will not let snow through the opening. They charge at the 
defeat you. You won’t even entertain the Vermling extortionists like their lives 
possibility. depend on it.

A
Morale > 15: -10 

Special Rules
Remove all snowdrift and snow rock A 2
tiles from tiles 2-E and 2-G before 75  3
setting up tile 13-A. A

No buildings are damaged during 
Each A is an escape hex. this attack. Instead, for each target 

that is unsuccessfully defended, lose 
3 morale. If you fail two or more, 
Wreck four buildings randomly by 
drawing from the building deck.

A guard draws his blade from the neck of 
a Vermling. The leader with the orange 
feathers is nowhere in sight, and the 

 22.4 • Deadly Pastimes (85) majority have fled back into whatever 
burrows they came from. They won’t 

Hoping to discover some passage out of consider Frosthaven such an easy target in 
this small valley, instead you just find a the future.
dead-end. But there is a suspicious patch 
of snow on the far side.

4 E Rewards
Do not resolve an outpost event  
this week.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
22



 23.1 • The Way Forward (38)

Standing next to the altar is like standing Special Rules
in the path of a storm. The black smoke A and B on tile 1-F represent the plane. Place one of their character tokens 
darkens the air, making everything damp emissaries on the spirit plane. The As in their hex, then place their figure in B 
and clammy. are counterparts, as are the Bs, sharing or the closest empty hex. All character 

the same allies, enemies, initiative, tokens on the map share the same allies, 
Gurndel and Barduu huddle against the conditions, and hit points. On initiative enemies, initiative, conditions, and hit 
altar as more corrupted beasts emerge 99 each round, the emissaries on the points as their character, but do not act.
from the woods. You expect them to swing spirit plane perform  2, focusing on 
a weapon or else strike at the altar with moving toward and opening door 2. Set the round track to the first round. At 
some spell, but instead, Gurndel simply The emissaries on tile 15-A no longer act. the start of each listed round, spawn the 
raises a hand to the black smoke. Her eyes following monsters at the listed locations 
go blank, and her body becomes still as Whenever any character is adjacent to based on character count:
death. altar C, they may transfer to the spirit 

Barduu shouts to you.
Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

“We must fight the corruption from 
within. We need your help inside, but 2, 3, 5, 6,  D and E: One D and E: One D and E: One 
some must stay here and protect our 8, 9, etc. normal Hound normal Hound at elite Hound
physical forms from these beasts.” each.

 
With that, she too raises a hand to the 4, 7, 10, etc. E: One normal D and E: One D and E: One 
cloud and then falls, her eyes turning a Polar Bear normal Polar Bear normal Polar Bear
milky white.

You must choose: some of your party must Section Links
fight in the other realm and some must When door 2 is opened, read 75.3.
remain here and protect the emissaries.

2 A

B

 23.2 • Temple Entrance (12)

Conclusion surprises lying in wait. Near the doorway metal cord buried underneath the stone 
How long has this place been hidden, you find a series of small indentations floor, and those cords in turn run farther 
buried and forgotten by the rest of the set in the floor that glow with a faint blue into an eastern passage. That path is dark, 
world? And how could these metal light. You dust them off and study their however, and there’s no telling how many 
creatures still be functioning after all strange luminescence, realizing that the automatons wait at its end.
that time? It gives you pause, this line of indentations are shaped much like the 
questioning, because to answer it would automatons’ feet—conduits, perhaps, some 
upturn your understanding of history way for the machines to regain power. But Rewards
entirely. Perhaps, then, you should keep if that is true, then there must be a power Gain 15  each. 
your thoughts on present matters. source.

New Scenario:
You search the preserved room carefully, You fiddle with the conduit ports and Temple of Liberation 20
minding that you don’t trigger any discover that each is connected to a thin 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
23



 24.1 • Quatryl Library (26)

Conclusion book aside when a voice makes you freeze. machines were once used as a source 
While destroying machines doesn’t of cheap labor. To what end, I am less 
quite provide the same satisfaction as, “I say, you’ve found one of my favorites certain, but, as their name suggests, the 
say, slaying monsters, there is a certain there.” Unfettered work for themselves now. More 
pleasure in returning the room to silence; troubling, however, is that they appear to 
libraries should be quiet, after all. You turn and find a Quatryl, short, dressed be planning something, perhaps an assault 

in rags, shuffling through the far door with if you want my opinion, and judging by 
Looking around, you find that the room a heavy ball and chain shackled to his their numbers, I don’t know that any force 
has held up better than you’d first thought. ankle. aboveground is prepared to take them on. 
The shelves are packed with books, and I believe therefore, that we, or rather you, 
many of them are still quite legible, “Of course, I’ve borrowed the best section may be the only party able to intervene in 
though their pages are brittle to the touch. on something of a long-term loan,” the time. I can direct you toward their central 
You while away some time browsing, and Quatryl laughs and fishes from his shirt a chamber.”
discover two particularly illuminating sheaf of folded paper. “I’ll let you read it if 
texts. you get me out of this thing.” There is no need for deliberation. Having 

fought what machines you have, you’re 
The first is an unusually shaped book, You go to the Quatryl’s side and, with a confident in Crain’s analysis: if you can 
much taller and wider than the others. bit of effort, help him out of his restraints. stop the Unfettered from attacking the 
Taking it down, you find within it a You learn that he is an academic named land above then you have to try. The 
complex series of diagrams—maps, you Crain Tallengyr who ventured down here only question then is how to proceed. 
realize—that lay out a portion of this one year ago on an ill-advised solitary Unfortunately, all this excitement has 
complex. You find the library, demarcated exploration. He was eventually captured clearly caused the Quatryl some stress. He 
by a scribble of ink and, from the library, by the machines and has been kept groans and holds his head.
you can see two avenues branching prisoner ever since.
outward: paths leading to what must be “Oh my, I think I need to lie down for a 
the central core of this place. The map “They’re quite rude really, but they are an bit...” Crain stumbles and collapses to the 
shows an immense inkwork of intricate, impressive force. Being their unwilling ground. If you want any more information 
almost knotlike design: thousands upon companion all this time, I have learned out of him, it’s probably best to bring him 
thousands of lines and shapes all leading quite a bit about the Unfettered.” back to Frosthaven and give him some 
toward some great labyrinthian chamber. time to recover.
You turn the page yet again and inside that You interrupt to ask about the name, 
chamber you find another, smaller room ‘Unfettered.’
made in a triangular design. The script Rewards
below the map is confusing, but it looks “Fascinating isn’t it? That’s what they’ve Gain 10  each. 
similar to the common word for ‘thought.’ named themselves, these machines. A bit  

melodramatic if you ask me, but I suppose Locked Out Scenario:  
The second book is even more helpful, it fits. Their origins are actually hidden in Rusted Tunnels 25
though at first you take it for junk: the that tome you were about to toss.” Crain 
cover is dry, cracked leather, and half the unfolds his sheaf of papers and shows 
pages have been cut out. The pages that you more of the cramped, eye-glazing Section Links
remain offer only a dense, tight script text. “The language is archaic, but I’ve Add 169.3 to the calendar in  
written in a language far older than any been able to glean the general idea from four weeks.
spoken today. You are about to toss the the illustrations. I believe that these 

 24.2 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

Not wanting to cross that river again, you 
push through another soft wall and into a # 3
familiar-looking cavern.

C

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
24



 25.1 • Collection’s Capstone (88)

You enter the control room, filled with So close to the Collector, you take note Special Rules
different gadgets that beep and click. The of his fractured, decaying form. The At the start of next round and each 
Collector hums with energy as he speaks rocks that form the Savvas’s body are second round after that, spawn one 
“So much life, wasted in your fruitless cracked and crumbling, held up only by a Savvas Lavaflow at A. It is normal 
pursuit. But that is no matter, as you have shimmering aura of magical energy. It is for two characters, elite for each 
brought your own juicy forms to me. I both beautiful and hideous. second spawning for three characters, 
would have preferred to not get my own or elite for four characters.
hands dirty, but your persistence just 
proves your hardiness.”

Boss Special 1
The Collector performs: 

A +0 
06  +1, ( :+1 ), ( : ), ( : ) 

: ,  all,  1 
   

Boss Special 2

2 The Collector performs: 
+1 
+0, ( :+1 ), ( : ) 
:  C, self  
:  1 
   

 25.2 • Trading Post Built  25.3 • Haunted Vault (17)

“Guys, guys! This is all a This here?” She gestures around the You press down on the two matching 
misunderstanding!” Xain, an acquaintance trading post tent. “This is your penance. plates and the far door unlatches. You 
who always seems down on his You will put that entrepreneurial spirit to move forward, but something has shifted 
luck, pleads as two guards push him work. You will receive shipments. You in these catacombs. You feel it before 
unceremoniously into the tent of the new will sell goods. Honest goods.” you see it: a creeping tendril of frigid 
trading post. Mayor Satha is waiting air reaching out behind you. You turn to 
inside, arms crossed. Xain looks mortified. “But… but for how see an icy spectral figure looming high 

long?” overhead, while at the same time a deep 
“Mayor! I was just coming to see you, lamenting moan escapes from the newly 
actually—I’d brokered a deal, a… a Satha brushes past him on her way out of opened room.
fantastic deal! The Abaeli are willing the tent. “Until I say otherwise. And if 
to polish the town guard’s weapons for you screw this up? I’m marching you out 
a price you wouldn’t believe. I’d just of Frosthaven myself.” She nods at you in Section Links
finished packing up the armory and was passing. “Look, it’s your first customers.” When door 3 is opened, read 62.3.
going to surprise everyone tomorrow 
morning—” “Oh, uhm. Hello.” Xain gives you a 

sheepish smile. “Welcome to the trading 
“And did you think that the Abaeli post?”
wouldn’t attack while all of our defenses 
were off being ‘polished’?”

Rewards
A A

“No, they were… I mean, it was really an Add event WO-80 to the winter 
excellent price…” Xain meekly trails off, outpost deck, event SO-61 to the 
realization settling in. summer outpost deck, and event 2 B

WR-41 to the winter road deck.
“I have put up with your harebrained 
schemes in Frosthaven for long enough. 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
25



Locked Down
 26.1 • Glowing Catacombs (9)

Passing through the narrow chamber, you Had you more time, you would stop and Special Rules
reach what must be the end of this path. A investigate closer, take samples of the Open all doors 2.
room extends out before you, the whole of slime for study. But time is short. As you 
it bathed in the unnerving green glow. At stand there, a breeze lifts and pushes Switches A can be targeted by 
the far end you see the source: a giant door against you. A foul wind. A warning. character attacks. Whenever either 
covered in gears and unintelligible runes. switch is attacked, regardless of 
It stands like some warded vault, pulsating damage, it is considered activated.
vibrantly while a viscous emerald ooze 
seeps from its cracks. At the start of each round, any switch 

2 not activated spawns one Ooze. It is 
normal for two characters or elite for 

2 three of four characters.

2 A

A

 26.2 • Here There Be Oozes (84)  26.3 • Ice Floes (22)

Conclusion beak-like skull, resplendent pink horns, and You drive the Lurkers, chittering and 
Ooze drips and dangles from the ceiling, star-shaped hooves. Truly magnificent. clawing, from your ship, but there is no 
slides down the walls, and lies generously peace yet. Below deck, you hear more 
splashed about the cave floor, glistening in And then some slime gets caught up your creaking and crashing, as if your boat is 
the torchlight. Covered head to toe in the nose, and you remember how deeply you being torn apart from the inside.
gunk, you scoop a handful from your eyes desire to get out of this cave. Luckily, 
and spend a brief moment just absolutely you encounter a creek on the way back to 
hating life. Frosthaven and start washing off the gunk. Special Rules

You see a few sheep grazing nearby and Border hex A is a stairway to below 
So you quickly act, collecting a sample of give them a knowing thumbs up. deck and can now be entered.
the goo in a glass vial. Given its unique 
properties, who knows if it might be useful 
later? You also take note of an interesting Rewards Section Links
looking skeleton that was released when the Gain “Ooze Vial” 234 . Gain The first time any character enters A, 
creature dissolved. It appears to have the “Brummix” campaign sticker. read 41.2.
build of a deer, but with a tapered, almost 

 26.4 • Random Scenario  26.5 • Puzzle Solution

You retrieve a hand-held mirror with an a while as the image treks through the Section Links
elaborate silver frame, thinking, if nothing wilderness, eventually arriving at a cave If Glowing Catacombs 9  is 
else, someone in Frosthaven should be filled with treasure. Looks like something complete, read 124.1 now.
willing to pay something for it. When you worth investigating.
look into its reflective surface, however, If Temple of Liberation 20  is 
you don’t see your own image staring back complete, read 127.1 now.
at you. Instead, it shows you an image Rewards
of yourself walking out the main gates New Scenario: Ice Cave 111
of Frosthaven. You watch the mirror for 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
26



 27.1 • Algox Scouting (2)

Dodging boulders on the side of a “Quickly then, warm-bloods—help me Special Rules
mountain wasn’t quite how you imagined fight these dirt-lovers. Aid me, and I swear The Algox Priest is an ally to you and 
spending the morning, but you make it to aid you.” Her hand, though pinned, an enemy to all other monsters. If all 
to the overlook without getting crushed. glows with a crackling blue energy. revealed enemies are dead, the Algox 
However, just before you pull yourself Priest focuses on moving toward and 
over the final ledge, a voice carries over opening door 2. If the Algox Priest 
the wind, stopping you. dies, the scenario is lost.

“Foul ice-pissers!” It shouts in a deep, 
commanding cry. “You’re nothing but 1 Section Links
petty blasphemers twiddling in your When door 2 is opened, read 6.1.
caves.”

You make it over the ledge and see the 
owner of the voice pinned between two 
boulders: she’s clearly an Algox, but she 
is dressed much differently from the 
brutes who were just hurling boulders at 
you. Larger than her male opponents, she 
wears ornate battle garb that marks her as 
a prominent member of a different faction. 
She turns to you with snarling hatred, 
but softens when she realizes you’re not 
friends of her enemies. 2

 27.2 • Derelict Elevator (16)  27.3 • Sacred Soil (69)

What were once pebbles now are stones Special Rules Conclusion
and cracked brick. Fist-sized hunks of Place one debris in each A. Any Carrying a case laden with soil samples 
rock have begun to fall from above and figure occupying A suffers trap from all about the forest, you trek back 
then crash loudly onto the metal floor; it damage and is placed in the closest to Liseritus’ humble abode and sit to 
seems the shaft is collapsing. You keep empty hex. enjoy one more cup of tea as it sets about 
clear of the shower, but now more debris is examining the samples. Using an array of 
beginning to fall elsewhere. Spawn two Ruined Machines at magnifying glasses, Liseritus peers down 

each H and one Ruined Machine at the soil, picking at it with tweezers, 
at each G. These are normal for muttering, and scribbling notes.
two characters, elite at G for three 
characters, or all elite for four Not even breaking from its work, Liseritus 
characters. breaks the silence. “This is going to take 

longer than I thought. I will send for you 
Set up tile 1-D as depicted. This tile when I have an answer.”
follows the same rules as tile 1-B. 
Place two damage tokens to the right 
of it (i.e. it is currently two floors Rewards
lower than tile 15-D). Gain 1 , 1 , and 1 .

Section Links Pebbles rain down at B. This has no 
At the start of the seventh round,  effect yet. Section Links
read 44.2. Add 15.4 to the calendar in three 

weeks.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
27



 28.1 • Mysterious Crate  28.2 • Algox Offensive (3)

You bring the crate you found to Eddica She taps the horns coming out of her head. Their numbers are thinning. If you can 
at the library. After a few hours’ wait “Valraths like me were originally created just get past this line, you should be able to 
she’s compared every inch of it against from the infusion of demon blood into push through into the heart of this place.
a growing stack of reference books. She humans—my people are the byproduct 
mutters something concerning under her of corruptive meddling with genetics. It 
breath. seems someone is trying to do the same Special Rules

thing here.” She stands and straightens her Each A is an escape hex.
“Well, that can’t be right. Must be a skirt, then gently scoops the cracked egg 
coincidence…” It’s another four hours out from inside the crate to hold it up for 
before she speaks again, shutting a book examination. “But with... Lurkers.”
loudly enough to wake you from your light 
dozing. 

Rewards A A
“Not a coincidence.” She gathers you Gain 10  each. 
around her desk to walk through her  A A
findings. “I think someone may be trying Do not resolve an outpost event this 
to make a new Valrath.” She pushes week.
up her red-rimmed glasses. “Droman’s 
right; the crate is built with materials and 
craftsmanship from the Eastern Continent. Section Links 2
But most concerningly, elkwood and Add 178.1 to the calendar in three 
Kivak fat are resistant to elemental weeks. 
energy—demon energy.”

 28.3 • Flotsam (73)  28.4 • Crain’s Expedition

Making your way through the floating Special Rules Crain’s research crew finally returns from 
remnants of the Cinnabar, you note the odd Replace all doors 1 with corridors their expedition late in the evening. The 
timing of all of this – the swift destruction as depicted. archaeologist is overjoyed and begins 
of the ship followed by the sudden chattering about his discoveries to anyone 
appearance of these fishmen. They must be who will listen. 
after the second piece of the scale, but how Section Links
could they command the sea like that? When any door 2 is opened, read  “It was marvelous! Oh, the incredible 

143.1. things in that complex could fill a lifetime! 
It’s amazing how much work you can get 
done when you’re not locked in a cell. We 
must return as soon as we can resupply!”

The guards who had accompanied the 
researcher don’t look quite as thrilled 
about the prospect of another long journey 

1 2 with the prattling Quatryl.

1 C 2 Rewards
Gain one random item blueprint.

1 B 2
Return one  card and one  

1 D 2 card to the town guard deck. 

Add one  sticker to one  loot 
1 2 card (the card gives one extra  

when resolved).

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
28



 29.1 • Old Coin  29.2 • The Tempus Forge (106)

Your scrutiny of every looting opportunity With the elemental locks destroyed, you Special Rules
has made sure you don’t leave a scrap of push the iron gate aside and enter the forge The City Guard is the Blacksmith. It 
gold behind, but it isn’t turning up the room. Before you stands the blacksmith, has HxC hit points. At the end of each 
ancient coins you’re looking for in this case. a human unnaturally corrupted by round, the Blacksmith performs  2, 

demonic forces. This whole place must be self;  1,  all characters,  5, , 
corrupted, used for some dark purpose that then all characters suffer  1.

Rewards you have interrupted.
The looting character gains X gold, 
where X is how much gold one The blacksmith doesn't say a word. He just 
money token is worth at L+1. roars with anger and charges.

 29.3 • Aesther Outpost 68

“Your assistance... is needed,” the faint 
whisper of Voice-of-Eight slips into your 
mind, though they are nowhere to be seen. 
“Please... hurry...”

Rewards
New Scenario: Core Attunement 67

5

 29.4 • Fleeting Permanence (52)  29.5 • Puzzle Solution

You find Crain much as you left him— cackling laugh that carries on far too long. 
cloistered in his small room, surrounded You wonder when the last time he got 
by his surreptitiously begotten books and some fresh air was, and ask as much.
muttering to himself. However, unlike last 
time, he’s up and moving around. “Fresh air? There’s no time! We have the 

numbers—the numbers! Now I can get 
“My pugilistic chum!” He says when to work on the alphabet, then we’ll know 
you knock on his door frame, “What a what secrets hide in this book.” He holds 
pleasure to see you again so soon! Have up the musty tome and a few pages fall 
you already cracked the cipher then?” The onto the floor.
Quatryl clicks his tongue and examines 
your findings. He mutters, looks at his own “Which reminds me.” He retrieves another 
notes, which are now nailed to the wall. slip of parchment from the wall and hands 

it to you. This one is scrawled with a 
4 “Ha!” Crain shouts. “Fancy that. Look section of text copied in the lost language. 

here.” He tears down one of his sheets and “Let’s see how you do with this. Take 
brings it over. On it are several lines of note, there are some scribbles there in the 
the ancient numerical system apparently corner concerning two unrelated words. 
copied directly out of the source text. Something about ancient technology. 
Using your new system, he translates a few Not sure about any of it, but if you have 
of the lines and ends up with a fairly basic two words that fit there, it might lead to 

28 equation that he solves without trouble. something else.”

“You’ve done it then,” Crain says with a 
bit of guarded surprise. “Had you marked Rewards
as a fighter through and through, but Turn to the next page in the puzzle 
seems there’s a scholar trapped beneath book.
all those muscles.” He lets out a high, 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
29



Locked Down
 30.1 • Puzzle Solution

Crain’s shed is dark and utterly silent. “Crain?” She shouts. into Crain’s jaw and he falls to the floor, 
Not five minutes ago, you heard screams stunned. She holds him down while you 
coming from inside along with the sound “It hungers for ruin-Nah.” Crain skitters bind him in the filthy sheet. It reeks of 
of wood and glass crashing. But now that behind you and then over to a far corner. lamp oil and fever sweat.
you’re here, everything is quiet. He crouches there, wrapped in a dark-

stained sheet. Satha trains her light on “He’ll need time,” Satha says. “Seen 
“I haven’t seen him for days,” Satha says him and you both approach slowly. “It plenty of winter madness, but this ain’t 
next to you. “Figured that was normal lies deep, deep, beneath the soil, black- it. May take a while to turn around. He’ll 
though.” She lifts her lamp and casts a ack soil, rich, waiting to rise. I found it. need some better quarters for a spell, and 
beam around the darkened shed. The FouwNd it.” none of this research business.”
place has been ransacked. Crain’s books 
and shelves are all scattered on the floor. “What did you find, Crain?” Satha asks. Crain groans weakly in your arms. He is 
His tools are everywhere, some of them glassy-eyed, mumbling to no one. “Yes, 
stuck into the wall like throwing knives. “The bringer of ruin, fools—the abyss. It’s new quarters would be nice. A tavern 
In the center of it all lies the remains of bound in the ropes. The one who waits. No perhaps. The mutton sandwich is 79 after 
some new contraption, now reduced to more. It’s waking up now. Waking!” Crain all. Too bad we cannot stop it, though. It 
bent metal sheet and broken glass. You turns and leaps at you, arms spread wide. will consume everything.”
recognize three shattered domes that came The scholar is fast. His long hands scrape at 
from the alchemist, along with samples your face but you hold him off. He thrashes, 
that Crain gathered from the energy sites. reaching for your eyes, spewing gibberish. Rewards

Do not turn to the next page in 
“It hungers,” a voice whispers. Satha “Ityearnstowake! Sewtheseed-burnthesky- the puzzle book. Instead write the 
flashes her light into the rafters and a vastnessofnightforeverdarkpainandru solution to the next puzzle on the 
shadow dashes away. inandnothing—” Satha cracks her fist same page.

 30.2 • Algox Offensive (3)  30.3 • Raised by Wolves  (112)

You duck and weave, winding your way Conclusion
through the battle, dodging arcane blasts After a quick sweep of the cave, ensuring 
and enormous Algox fists, but you manage no more demons are around, you begin 
to sneak through without losing your head. to make your way back outside. The 
Unfortunately, there are many more Algox 2 wolves all wag their tails and howl, a 
standing in your way. victorious call for their hero. You kneel to 

say goodbye to Wolfie, who licks you and 
lets you pet its belly. Then you stand up 

Section Links and leave Wolfie behind, heading back to 
When door 2 is opened, read 28.2. Frosthaven with a single tear in your eye.

Rewards
1 Gain 15  each.

 30.4 • The Lead Door (103)  30.5 • Tower of Knowledge (134)  30.6 • Puzzle Solution

Special Rules “It’s troubling,” Crain says. “Troubling.” 
Spawn one Shrike Fiend at the closest You find the quatryl in his quarters, 
nest, which the Shrike Fiend treats sulking behind a newly made desk, 
as a corridor. It is normal for two cobbled together from scraps of wood and 
characters or elite for three or four the legs of his bed. He’s poring over your 
characters. work on the cipher, but it doesn’t seem to 

1 be the breakthrough he was hoping for.

– Continued on next page.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

30



 30.6 (cont.) • Puzzle Solution  31.1 • Blizzard Island (48)

“You sorted their letters,” Crain says. by text. “This tells of an experiment at 
“I much appreciate it, but your solution the largest of a series of spires. They were 
just leads to more problems. It seems apparently built not too far from here. But 
the author of this tome has taken steps the experiment, I don’t know. All I have is 
to shroud their work in deeper levels of this.”
obfuscation.” Crain stabs his quill into his 
ink pot and slouches back in his chair. Crain hands you a small scrap of paper 

that shows a diagram of sorts. “I’m sure 
“It’s not complicated by any means, just you won’t have any trouble working out 
time-intensive,” he says. “I’ve got the what it means. See if you can find this 
title at least: Project Source, by Mistress large spire and get to the bottom of it.”
Torfi Logren. It appears to be a research 
journal. These Quatryl researchers were 
investigating some phenomena in the Rewards
North. I can’t say what they were looking Turn to the next page in the puzzle 
for, but this section here.” book.

2
He holds up the tome, open to a page with 
a very small, very crude map surrounded 

 31.2 • The Collection (87)  31.3 • Jeweler Built

You rush into the next room, but the Special Rules As the jeweler’s opens its doors, you feel 
Collector is long-gone, apparently fleeing Door 4 is locked and will unlock particularly proud of its construction. At 
from the commotion you caused. when doors 2 and 3 have been the worktables, craftspeople are absorbed 

opened and all revealed enemies are in examining gemstones under magnifying 
As you look around the cage, a voice dead. glasses, and standing at kilns or with 
crackles above you. “Who are these new blowtorches, melting precious metals 
morsels that have wandered into my into fantastic shapes. Their nimble hands 
web? Normally I need the Algox to go seem to weave an air of sophistication 
find my subjects, but you saved me the into Frosthaven. One Vermling jeweler 
inconvenience. So diverse and succulent... approaches you, showing off a black opal 
Let’s run some new experiments!” And he’s set into a broach.
that’s when you see the giant automaton 
lumber out from one of the cages. “What do you think?” His face tucks 

shyly against his vest. “I’ve been 
scouring the coast for these opals, and 
now I finally have a use for them.” He 
tells you he plans to sell them, then send 

4 the proceeds to his family down south. 
You’re pleased that you’ve created many 
new livelihoods, and hope to see the 
residents of Frosthaven wearing these 

2 3 beautiful pieces now and again.

Rewards
Add event WO-77 to the winter 
outpost deck and event SR-37 to the 
summer road deck.
 
Add items 156  to 159  to the 
available item supply.

1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
31



 32.1 • Orphan’s Halls (51)

You burst into a large central room, and Section Links
your heart drops. There are just so. Many. When door 2 is opened, read 137.1.
Machines.

They pour into the room in droves, but you 
find your resolve. With Crain’s bombs in 2
hand, your only hope is to punch a hole 
through the main force and get to the hall A
on the other side of the room. 56

Special Rules
Open all doors 1. B

At the start of each round, spawn 
one Ruined Machine at each A 
and one Steel Automaton at B. A
These are normal for two characters, 
Steel Automaton are elite for three 
characters, or all are elite for four 1 1
characters.

 32.2 • Crackling Tunnel (31)  32.3 • Visiting Trader

Special Rules The crackling escalates as you move A carriage piled high with blankets and 
Remove tile 11-F and everything on it forward until the very air seems charged. carpets is tucked between a snowbank and 
from the map. Rather than threatening, though, it is a building near the edge of town. Its old 

welcome. Your muscles ache from the owner sees you wandering by and looks 
All characters must lose one card from exertion, and the energy in the air lifts you both ways before beckoning you over.
their hand or discard pile. up and keeps you going. Straight into more 

machines. “Nice place, nice place this Frosthaven. 
At the end of each round, all Cold though, eh? Heh. Maybe you’re the 
characters occupying or adjacent sort of people who would like some hot 
to any power conduit tile suffer items.” He chuckles a bit to himself as 
hazardous terrain damage, while all A he pins back a blanket on his carriage, 
enemies occupying or adjacent to any revealing assorted items in like-new 
power conduit tile will perform  condition.

 X, self, where X is the hazardous A A
terrain damage value. “I just need a few motivated buyers. 

Shouldn’t be trouble up here, no… but I 
When all revealed enemies are dead, wouldn’t wear these out in, let’s say, uh, 
each A becomes an escape hex. Gloomhaven for a while. Heh.”

You’re not planning on heading south to 
that decrepit city any time soon. Might as 
well pick up a few items at a steal of a price.

Rewards
Each character may buy one item 
from the purchasable item supply 
for its listed price or one material 
resource for 7 gold.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
32



 33.1 • HE-RO-IC-S  33.2 • Nerve Center (44)

If building 88 is built, read 135.4 Conclusion a scoffing noise, as if to dismiss your 
instead. The final tower erupts in spectacular explanation as nothing but lies.

fashion. A sharp whistle blows like a 
The mechanical unit HE-RO-IC-S massive kettle coming to boil and the top “And now you return. Never content. You 
approaches you, its antennae drooping of the tower bursts, releasing a plume of cannot tolerate that your former slaves 
with dejection. “I CANNOT FIND A bluish smoke that mushrooms and drifts could live free of your tyranny. No... We 
SUITABLE HOUSING UNIT IN MY up to the high ceiling above. It smells must bow, or be destroyed.” The Orphan’s 
NEW HOME. IT IS NECESSARY FOR of charred pine and spring rain, and as words drip with bitterness, the blue glow 
MY FUNCTION. PLEASE BUILD ONE this last tower falls, so too do the enemy flaring angrily behind its mask as it turns 
SOON SO I CAN BEGIN HELPING!” machines. They stumble and collapse to back to you. “So tell me, masters. What 

the ground, twitching. All that’s left now would you have me do? Kneel? Beg for 
is their leader. You ascend the stairs to its peace, hoping you’ll spare these children 

Section Links overlook, and with each step you feel hope you abandoned? Or are you simply here 
Add 33.1 to the calendar in three returning. to end what you began with your barbaric 
weeks. invasion of our halls, and destroy us once 

You find the machine waiting on its and for all? Tell me. Tell me what you 
platform, its face an unmoving mask of believe is right, you who intrude here.”
steel. The Unfettered leader, far from 
being an imposing figure made for combat Silence stretches between you. If what 

 33.3 • Tower of Knowledge (134) or destruction, is in fact little more than the automaton says is true, that these 
a basic automaton. Its arms and legs are machines were built with the capacity for 
awkward steel shafts and its chest is a reason but used as mindless slaves and 
small barrel-shaped container. Its body has then tossed aside, you can’t blame it for 

B even been patched in several places with feeling wronged. And yet, these Unfettered 
ragged pieces of copper and brass that give have used their independence to wage 
a haggard appearance. But its eyes: those war against the world at large, Frosthaven 
glow blue with fresh intensity. included. They freely attack anyone who 

they see as an enemy, and did this machine 
1 “You,” the automaton says. “You come to not say just a moment ago that they 

our home and lay waste to it. You, who would lay claim to the world’s surface? 
bound us in servitude and then abandoned Thousands more machines of every type 
us, you come to immure us once again?” stalk these halls; how much havoc could 

they wreak if allowed to invade?
The vitriol behind the accusation strikes 
you as much as its content. The history of So then, you have a choice to make. It 

 33.4 • Pylon Problems (115) this place is clearly a sad and violent one, seems that when you carved your way to 
but you object to this machine thinking the core of this place you inadvertently 

Conclusion you had anything to do with it. Perhaps it became envoys for the surface dwellers. 
With the Algox raiders defeated, Droman thinks all organic beings are connected, You can either try to broker peace with 
says he can clean up the rubble and somehow, like the machines seem to be? the automatons 59 , or you can destroy 
reinforce the remaining pylons to be them 58 . There is no knowing what either 
much sturdier. This was the final obstacle “You look surprised,” the machine choice will bring or how many lives hang 
stopping traffic through the shortcut; says. “Perhaps you did not expect us to in the balance, but you are the ones who 
if there’s still time in the season after persist? You expected that we would journeyed this far. You are the ones who 
Droman’s crew finishes cleanup, Satha simply remain here, lifeless forever. No. I are here, now, for the final negotiation 
might be able to send for a caravan of persisted, after I was left here, orphaned with the Unfettered, and so you are the 
much-needed resources. by the overseers.” It pauses, weighing the ones who must decide.

moment. “That’s what I am, you see—the 
Orphan. And I am the one who revived us, 

Rewards who brought us back to life—me, the one Rewards
Gain 15  each. you forgot.” Gain 5 gold each. Gain “Energizing 

Baton” 073  blueprint. 
You explain that you weren’t the people  

Section Links who built or enslaved the Orphan—that, in New Scenarios:
 Add 66.2 to the calendar in X+1 fact, you don’t know who they were at all, Orphan’s Core 58  , 
weeks, where X is the number of and they must be long-dead. The automaton Automaton Uprising 59  
pylons destroyed. just looks down at the still, twisted shapes Choose one.

of its kin and shakes its head. It makes 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
33



 34.1 • Temple Entrance (12)

You push forward, delving further into 
this hall, wondering at its purpose. From 
what you can gather, this place is no tomb. 
There is no smell of decay, but neither is 
there one of life. You enter a room that’s 
somehow managed to withstand the 
beating of time. Here the floors are still 
intact, and the stone is less worn down. 
Of course, that comes with a trade. As 
you enter the new room, another group 
of mechanical creatures turn, these ones 
wholly put together and preserved, their 
sharp metal bodies glinting in the low, 
flickering light of your torches. 1 09

 34.2 • Snowspeakers in Trouble  34.3 • To Bury the Dead (95)

It’s been only a few weeks since the they can hardly tend to their wounded, Conclusion
Snowspeakers were destroyed at the spire, much less rebuild. Satha continues, “The The darkness seems to gather a little 
but it has felt like years. You nurse your problem is, I can’t justify sending out thicker about the grave, and the clouds 
wounds and keep yourself numb with a supplies to a clan of Algox. These people move faster. As the cold earth is tossed 
steady diet of ale. Your dreams do not let never spared a thought to help us.” down upon the coffin, you recite prayers 
you rest. They replay scenes that you wish of the Oak in Camilla’s name while 
you’d forget—scenes that make you wake It’s an understandable position, but the her family, who arrived once the area 
up in a panic. Your cuts and bruises have Snowspeakers’ plight feels personal. Ever was made safe, waves smoldering oak 
healed, but deeper wounds remain. You since the battle of the spire, you’ve felt a branches, infusing the air with smoke. 
work and try not to think. weight hanging over you. This presents an This is certainly far from your typical role. 

opportunity to lighten it. You can only hope you’ve played it well 
On this unusually warm morning, Satha enough. At the very least, everything in 
comes to rouse you from your hangover You make a deal with Satha: if she can the graveyard, including Camilla herself, 
herself. A few dozen Snowspeakers have offer half the requested supplies, then you has calmed.
gathered outside Frosthaven’s gates to will carry them to the tribe and help the 
plead for aid. They are in poor shape, Snowspeakers yourself. The suggestion Her two granddaughters invite you back 
thinned down to their ribs and leaning on makes her grin. to their house for a reception, though you 
cracked staves. decline. The payment is fine, of course, 

“You southerners are too soft,” she says, though the night feels somehow solemn 
“A hard sight if I’ve ever seen one,” Satha but her smile widens, and she agrees to the and more suited to quiet contemplation 
grumbles. terms. now. You step away and pause to look up 

at the black sky. Rest in peace, Camilla.
The Snowspeakers apparently managed 
to set up a small camp on the outskirts of Rewards
the Crystal Fields, but they’re so battered New Scenario: Relief Effort 40 Rewards
from the war and the ensuing retreat that Gain 1 morale. Gain 10 gold each.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
34



Locked Down
 35.1 • Ancient Technology Solution

Ever since Crain has come to live in Crain begins to mutter to himself as he Crain marvels. “It’s some sort of combat 
Frosthaven, he has been incredibly busy pores over all the details of the machinery. robot, but there’s still one problem. While 
working out the intricacies of the ancient “Yes, perhaps if we insert this into that, I got its engine running, I can’t get its 
diary, but, given its glyphs match the this drill could be an arm of some sort...” circuitry to activate. From what I can tell, 
markings on the ancient technology you You try to get a better look at what he is it will remain dormant until a specific 
found, at some point your patience gives doing, but he shoos you away, demanding code phrase is uttered, and I have no idea 
out. You enter his longhouse with the that you only come back when it is done. what that is.”
various bits of technology and ask for his 
help. He doesn’t call for you until a week later. Completely transfixed, you approach 

You enter his abode once again and are the machine and speak the words that 
Rather than being annoyed, Crain’s eyes astounded to see a giant mechanical you know to be correct: its name, Metal 
light up at the sight of the machinery. creature standing before you with arms, Mosaic.
“That’s quite a collection of interesting legs, and a steam engine chugging away, 
items you’ve got there! In fact, judging providing power to a central core.
from these markings, it looks like they Rewards
may all be parts of some larger device. “I had to add a few parts here and there, Unlock  class box.
Astounding!” but I’m sure this was the original intent,” 

 35.2 • The True Oak (70)

Conclusion But then your thoughts turn to who else will up again. I think the True Oak must remain 
All around you, the zealots lie dead, their come in time to destroy the True Oak. You a myth while these zealots remain.”
blood soaking the ground of the glade, set off back to Frosthaven and Liseritus, 
returning to the cycle of life. Peace and where you are met with a warm embrace. You nod again in agreement. “Then it is 
quiet returns. Birds chirrup and sing, and settled. How about some tea?”
deer emerge from the forest to feed from “The Oak? Is it safe?” You nod, and the 
the lush grass. Within this calm, you are botanist lets out a long sigh. “I am glad it 
able to sit in the splendor of the True Oak, stands, and proud to say we have found it. Rewards
soaking in the sun and cool air, taking the But that will not be the last of the Radiant “The True Oak” quest complete. 
time to contemplate and rest. Order if we spread the word of its existence. Gain 1 prosperity.

And I don’t particularly want to get roughed 

 35.3 • Tavern Upgraded

“Here’s the deal.” Dinah Snapclaw, salty Dinah spins around and sneers with a deep With that, she rises, tossing her stool 
Vermling proprietor of the Boiled Crab growl, leaving the patron apologizing across the tavern with a clatter.
tavern, has dragged a stool over to your and backpedaling. No wonder The Crater 
booth uninvited. She stares at each of you has been busier than ever. She turns her She shouts to the room: “Drinks tonight 
with an intensity that, despite her small attention back to you. are free and tongue lashings are on tap! 
stature, makes you feel a bit like a hostage I’m in a good mood.”
in the conversation. “He told me time and again that he knew 

of the biggest haul—the one earned by the 
“I used to sail with Barty Half-Ear, most Pirate Queen. Knew more about it than Rewards
successful pirate on this coast. A Lurker most,  even told me the secret to find it. Gain 1 morale.
got half his ear, but I was supposed to Four ancient coins: he had one, I found  
have half his treasure. ’Til he betrayed me, another. That haul was part mine by rights.” Add loot card 1419 to every 
tossing me to the piranha pigs like I was scenario loot deck in addition 
the scullery boy.” She pauses to spit on the She pops her neck with a loud crack, then to the normal loot distribution. 
floor, and you don’t interrupt to ask why continues. “He had an old hideout. I’d bet When drawn, read any one section 
the scullery boy deserved such a fate. “But this crummy bar he’s storing that coin of number depicted. 
I lived, and I want what’s mine.” his there. Go and get it.” She flashes the 

coin hanging around her neck. “Come to New Scenario:
A patron who is new in town taps Dinah me with all three coins and I’ll share what Abandoned Hideout 136 .
on the shoulder, inquiring about a drink. I’ve got. Then we’ll get rich together.” 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
35



Locked Down
 36.1 • A Contained Fire (89)  36.2 • Tome Solution

You see the haggard frame of an Algox “This is incredible! Do you realize what calmer, but a broad smile makes clear 
inside a small prison at the base of the you’ve found?” Eddica the Librarian is she’s ready to share the results.
statue. Judging from the smell, she’s borderline giddy with excitement at your 
clearly been in there for some time. A discovery. “There is no written record “Belara, a Savvas channeler, did write the 
hastily scribbled sign posted on the cage about this at all, but look—this decoration Tomes of Power. But the power turned 
reads “Faye, embodiment of inadequacy”. isn’t a decoration at all, but an indicator the Savvas to evil, and it threatened to 

of the lettering on this page—and this use the tomes against all of creation. 
“Get me out of here, and I swear I’ll rid crossed out punctuation on the third page? The Orchid High Council had to step in, 
this place of that hateful creature,” she It’s not crossed out, it’s upside down!” which is exceptionally unusual for them. 
yells at you. “You’ll have to take this It wasn’t easy, but the Tomes were wrested 
whole thing down to do it, though.” One There’s a manic intensity about her as she away and scattered to make sure Belara 
look at the construction, and you can flips between the pages of the four tomes, would never wield them. The fight should 
see she’s right. The resolve in her voice comparing and contrasting diagrams and have killed the poor Savvas, but instead 
convinces you it could be worth the effort. errant ink-stains. its mind was cracked in half by the High 
Besides, this ridiculous statue deserves to Council and it was sealed away to live out 
come down. “And the imagery of the warding circle? its days.”

The one that was a bit too wide and nearly 
made me blow up the whole building—” Eddica takes a deep breath, but looks 

Special Rules she sees your shock, “Oh, don’t look at me too embarrassed to make eye contact. 
Altars A and B can now be damaged. like that, I didn’t blow us up. It was fine!” “I… I know where Belara is. I’m not 
Each has (1+L)xC/2 hit points (rounded She straightens her skirt out of habit and saying you should go, obviously that 
down). They are enemies to you and defiantly continues. “Look! It overlays would be madness… but in the interest of 
allies to all monsters. perfectly on the language in the Tome of research…”

Time! There’s meaning here—these aren’t 
just individual tomes, they’re a complete 

Section Links hidden history!” Rewards
When both altars A and B have  New Scenario: Belara’s Keep 135
been destroyed, read 119.2. You leave Eddica to her research and 

return a few hours later. She’s thankfully 

 36.3 • A Waiting Game (117)  36.4 • Old Coin  36.5 • Fleeting Permanence (52)

You spot some coins that are undoubtedly 
A old, but don’t match the description Dinah 

Snapclaw at the Tavern provided. Still 43
worth something, though.

2 Rewards
The looting character gains X gold, 
where X is how much gold one 
money token is worth at L+1.

3

 36.6 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  36.7 • Ancient Technology  36.8 • Puzzle Solution

You get close to the scorched body and You find a pile of scrap machine parts You and Crain stand in the Quatryl’s 
quickly realize this isn’t the husband in one corner of the cavern, along with a study, looking down at his desk. Atop 
either. This is a Savvas, which begs the single sheet of frail parchment. it sits a shard of ice that you took from 
question, why would a Savvas cast itself the Prince of Frost’s realm, and next to 
into lava? the   unjhjx   yhkf   n   xipmf  it is Crain’s lamp. Nothing is happening. 

ymj   ltqjr   pbzrf   mh   axut  The lamp flickers green, but the ice sits 
ny   mjyuem   bml   gtfx  stubbornly frozen and unchanging—no 
rjyfq   yaemuo vapor, no energy.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSI–O CNo.ntinued on next page.
36



 36.8 (cont.) • Puzzle Solution  37.1 • Expedition North (82)

“Nothing,” Crain says. “It’s not related not too far from where you were. A forest.” Conclusion
at all to the energy we’re researching. Crain takes a pair of tongs and removes his It is a harsh trek through deep, fresh 
Though, I do recognize a few things in heated orb. It’s glowing now, a dark red ball snow, but you finally reach the outskirts 
your report.” Crain snuffs out the lamp that he immediately plunges into a bucket of the unnatural storm. The way back to 
and moves over to his small fireplace, in of water, filling the room with steam. Frosthaven is a long one and so, on the 
which he’s worked a stifling blaze. “That return through the pass, you are happy 
bit of verse I translated—which, let’s hope “That look on your face reminds me of to find a natural cave to set up camp for 
there’s no more of that—it mentioned an Satha. ‘Crain stop smelting metal in your the night. You build a nice roaring fire to 
Ice Prince not unlike the creature you quarters, Crain stop testing elixirs on the warm up the rescued mercenaries, and they 
found. Spoke a good deal about capricious watchmen, Crain stop trying to capture slowly come back to their senses.
spirits and the like, beings that appear lightning in a cage.’ A bunch of worriers, 
during northern storms and vanish into the the lot of you.” Crain reaches his tongs They ask how you found them, and when 
air. Logren found the poem and thought the into the bucket and pulls out the cooled you mention the message of the Aesther 
creature might be related to the energy.” orb. It’s taken on a deep black color and woman, their eyes light up. “Cassandra!” 

there are faint scratches going all around One of them shouts in surprise. They 
Crain tosses two handfuls of kindling its exterior that look similar to the ancient explain that the Aesther used to be part of 
onto the already roaring fire. You squint at quatryl writing. their adventuring group. As dusk falls, you 
the flames and spot a small object that he listen to stories of their exploits, relaying 
seems to be heating: a brass orb, except it “Just go explore that forest already. Torfi’s back some of your own adventures, until 
can’t be brass because it hasn’t melted or notes say something about an energy you eventually fall asleep.
changed shape. source, and then “up, down, right”. If 

you can figure out what that means, You return to Frosthaven, and there the 
“Her team found the Ice Prince, same then maybe I will be able to figure out rescued adventurers convalesce for some 
as you, but their visit didn’t go as well. this blasted experiment!” Crain says time. Once ready, they move on to their 
She ultimately ruled it out as an avenue this with finality and dumps the orb true goal, the Aesther outpost, where they 
for investigation, too dangerous and no unceremoniously back in the fire. teach Voice-of-Eight how to craft some of 
obvious connection to the energy. I’d been the equipment from their adventures.
hoping she made a mistake but no, she 
doesn’t seem to make any.” Crain takes Rewards
up a pair of billows and works the flames Do not turn to the next page in Rewards
until they’re practically scorching his face. the puzzle book. Instead write the Gain 2 prosperity. Add the following 

solution to the next puzzle on the Forgotten Circles items to the 
“In any case,” he says, head turned from same page. Frosthaven supply: 153, 159, and 161
the heat. “They did speak of an energy site 

 37.2 • Crackling Tunnel (31)

After the initial encounter, the tunnel falls Special Rules
back into silence. As you follow the path, Remove tile 7-H and everything on it 
the hum of energy crackling through the A from the map. 
conduits along the wall intensifies. And 
then a snap. You jump back, and a bolt A A All characters must lose one card from 
clatters to the ground. You turn to find a their hand or discard pile.
small garrison of machines have emerged 
from up ahead. Back to the grind. At the end of each round, all characters 

occupying or adjacent to any power 
conduit tile suffer hazardous terrain 

26 damage, while all enemies occupying 
or adjacent to any power conduit tile 
will perform  X, self, where X is the 
hazardous terrain damage value.

Section Links
At the start of the next round after all 
characters have been removed from 
the map, read 32.2.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
37



 38.1 • Frozen Crypt (5)

Conclusion down. It’s clear this complex continues, without the right equipment would be 
Silence is something you’re beginning  and that some bizarre power lies hidden suicidal. If you want to give chase, you’ll 
to treasure. within. The question is whether it’s worth have to come back with a sled.

investigating 9 .
All around, the crypt is littered with 
broken bodies, the dusty remains of The other option, of course, is to continue Rewards
the undead horde smashed to bits. The hunting the Algox that dropped you in Gain 2 collective . 
altar, which had been pumping out its here 10 .  
necrotic fume, now decorates the floor New Scenarios:
as rubble. In its place, a beam of eerie However, after scrambling your way out Glowing Catacombs 9 , 
green light trickles from a new gap in of the pit, you realize that your quarry’s Crystal Enclosure 10
the wall. You move closer and discover tracks lead from the forest out into the 
a passage that appears to lead farther frozen tundra—attempting to follow 

 38.2 • Frozen Fjord (13)  38.3 • Trading Post Upgraded

You enter the trading post and its 
proprietor, Xain, is nowhere to be found. 
On the counter is a lockbox with a 
handwritten sign posted on the front: 

2 “Prices marked. Drop coin in slot.” The 
rainbow parrot, Squabbles, watches your 
confusion carefully.

After a moment of browsing the bird 
emotes a pitch-perfect rendition of 
Xain’s voice: “BWAK! Xain is currently 
drumming up new and exciting 
opportunities to stock these shelves. Or 

 38.4 • Spire Basement (23) whatever. Yeah… Just tell Mayor Satha 
that if she comes around, okay? That’ll 

Section Links give me a few hours to find a drink around 
When door 2 is opened, read 55.3. here. And unpack these boxes… BWAK! 

2 Well you have a beak, don’t you? BWAK!”

It does look like there are a few choice 
items from down south now on display. 
You try on a pair of goggles and briefly 
consider what would happen if you just 
walked out with them. Before you can 
decide, the eagle-eyed bird takes notice 
and taps the lockbox expectantly.

You can guess who taught it the high-
pressure sales tactics.

1 Rewards
Add items 138  to 146  to the 
available item supply. 

In addition, add any of the 
following items you have unlocked 
from Gloomhaven: 46, 83 to 88, 102, 
110, 111, 120 to 123, 126, and 128.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
38



Locked Down
 39.1 • Derelict Elevator  (16)  39.2 • Living Glacier (45)

As if one Bladespinner wasn’t enough, With a piece of the glacier now secured in ever-growing army of fish-men aren’t 
another wave lands to join the fight. your pack, there’s just the small matter of going to make it easy.
Within seconds, they unfold their blades getting back to the boat, and the  
and move forward, adding to the whirring 
vortex of steel.

Special Rules
Spawn the following monsters at the listed locations based on character count:

Special Rules
Place one debris in D. Any figure Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
occupying D suffers trap damage and 
is placed in the closest empty hex. A: One elite  A: One elite and one A: One elite and one 

Piranha Pig. normal Piranha Pig. normal Piranha Pig. 
Spawn one Flaming Bladespinner at B: One normal  B: Two normal  B: One elite and one 
both E and F. These are normal Abael Scout. Abael Scouts. normal Abael Scout. 
for two characters, elite at F for C, D, E, and F:  C and E: One elite  C, D, E, and F:  
three characters, or both elite for four One elite Lightning Eel. and one normal Two elite Lightning Eels.
characters. Any figure occupying Lightning Eel.  
E or F suffers trap damage and is D and F: One elite 
placed in the closest empty hex. Lightning Eel.

 39.3 • The Unfettered Seal (62)  39.4 • Puzzle Solution

“This is the spot!” Crain professes with “And how many metacarpals do you “Research,” Crain says, showing you his 
confidence, his machine oscillating suppose it has—I-In total?” This question notes. From what you can tell he’s creating 
violently behind him. “I’d stake my comes from Crain, who you find at the a zoological catalogue of creatures in the 
reputation on it!” At this point, Crain’s stables, pen and paper in hand, trailing the North, but the information written next to 
confidence isn’t exactly contagious, and so stable master while she tries to work. each animal seems dubious at best. The 
you brace for the worst. entry for field mouse, for example, reads: 

“For the last time, I don’t know.” The Inox hibernates ten months per year, possible 
When the pulse comes, it is like tiny says. She’s marching along the stalls, cannibal, poisonous?
daggers stabbing through your insides and dropping in pitchforks of hay and trying 
twisting, pulling you apart. You scream very hard to get Crain to leave her alone. “It’s the device,” he explains. “In order 
and look to Crain for solace, but he just to calibrate it against things ‘not of this 
taps the readout screen with confusion. “You say that, but I’m sure you have a realm,’ I need to know more about what 
Then he mutters something about polarity guess,” Crain says. “Does twenty sound actually lives here. Problem is, I’ve never 
and turns the screen upside-down. correct? Or maybe twenty-four? I’ll write had much talent for biology, so I need an 

down twenty-four.” expert, or actual specimens to study.”
“That’s the problem!” He turns to you 
with a very unearned smile. “Don’t worry, You approach, and the stable master “And what will you do to these 
I’ve got it now. Turns out the ideal spot is gives you a silent plea that’s common in specimens?” The Inox asks pointedly. 
exactly where we started. Imagine that!” Frosthaven as of late, mainly from Crain’s Crain finally takes this as a cue to leave, 

victims. and you follow him outside.
He laughs. You are not amused.

“And their diet, I suppose it’s mostly, “Oh everyone is so sensitive,” he huffs. “I 
what, insects? No. It would be grasses. But don’t have to dissect them. I just need a 

Special Rules there is no grass in the winter. So maybe large variety of animals to observe. If you 
All characters suffer trap damage. they eat bark.” are able to fill the stable up, that should be 

plenty.”
Crain’s current goal is now A. She turns on the Quatryl, “I swear, 

Tallengyr, if you ask me one more blasted 
Remove any one of the six numbered question—” Rewards
tokens from the scenario, then shuffle Turn to the next page in the puzzle 
the rest face-down. You interrupt, gently, and try to diffuse the book.

tension by asking Crain what he’s doing.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
39



 40.1 • Brummix  40.2 • Dead Pass (46)

Save this section and read it in the Special Rules
place of your next road event. If you At the start of each round, place one Any character may forgo a top action 
are not reading a road event before damage token in each A that is both (discarding the card instead) to harvest 
your next scenario, add 40.1 to the empty and has all its adjacent hexes  all new snows in one adjacent A, 
calendar in one week as a reminder. unoccupied. These represent new snow. placing them on their character mat.

If any figure enters any A or any 
You trek through the newly fallen snow, overlay tile is placed in any A, remove Set the round track to the first round. At 
and your mind turns to the elusive all new snows from that hex. the start of each listed round, spawn the 
brummix. You have seen their tracks, their following monsters at the listed locations 
images, their horns. There must be a pack based on character count:
of them somewhere up here in the North, 
but you wonder if you will ever get to see Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
one of the majestic creatures up close.

2 B: One normal B: One normal B and C:  
Just then, you look down and see the Burrowing Blade Burrowing Blade One normal 
tracks. Star-shaped and delicate. A Burrowing Blade
brummix is nearby.

You stalk silently through the brush, 4 C and D:  B, C and D:  B, C and D:  
following the tracks, laid in the snow as One normal One normal One normal 
clear as day. With as much care as you Burrowing Blade Burrowing Blade Burrowing Blade
can muster, you come upon one of the 
creatures drinking from a small stream. It 
raises its head and turns, staring right at 6 B and C:  B: One normal B and C: One elite 
you. You are awestruck. One normal Frozen Frozen Corpse Frozen Corpse

Corpse C: One elite  
It looks at you and sees you. Somehow, Frozen Corpse
you understand that it understands. It 
trusts you. It knows that you respect it, 8 C and D: One B and D: One B, C and D: One 
and it wants to help. It approaches you normal Shrike Fiend normal Shrike Fiend elite Shrike Fiend
and lowers its head, giving you back your C: One elite  
respect. It will come when called. Shrike Fiend

10, 12,  B: One normal B: Two normal B: Two normal 
Rewards 14, etc. Frozen Corpse Frozen Corpses Frozen Corpses 
Add Brummix (Pet 12) to the C: One elite C: One elite C: Two elite 
Stables. This can exceed the Burrowing Blade Burrowing Blade Burrowing Blades
capacity of the Stables.

 40.3 • Deadly Pastimes (85) B

Air is bubbling up from somewhere deep A
below, so you take a refreshing gulp to 
keep you going. A

Special Rules 1 A
Whenever any character ends their 
movement occupying or adjacent to A
G, they may recover up to two of 
their lost ability cards. Each character A
may only gain this benefit once. 

C

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
40



 41.1 • Job Posting  41.2 • Ice Floes (22)

Captain Olmstead, head of the town guard, Below deck is madness. Saltwater has filled several glistening black fish: lightning eels. 
brings you out of the cold and into the the hold up to your ankles and loose boards Together the creatures are blasting holes in 
warm barracks. By the fire is a shivering float freely about. Lurkers clack in the the ship. You must bring them down before 
Inox girl wrapped in heavy pelts. The rest darkness and they’ve brought with them they drop you to the sea floor.
of the normally lively barracks is empty, 
cleared out at the Captain’s orders. He 
speaks quietly to you, out of earshot of the Special Rules
girl. A and all B are linked hexes. damage dealt. Hexes cannot be damaged 

in any other way and are immune to all 
“Patrol found her outside the wall, frozen If any monster would perform an attack conditions. If a hex accumulates 4+(2xL) 
half to death. Claims someone called ‘The ability but lacks a primary target, it damage tokens, remove those tokens and 
Collector’ has been holding her and her instead attacks the closest empty hex or place one 1-hex water tile in the hex.
brothers for a few weeks now. I don’t have border hex, prioritizing those with the 
the troops to spare, but I’m not letting most damage on them. Place damage If tile 7-G ever has 5+(3xC) water hexes 
this one languish over at the town hall. tokens on the attacked hex equal to the on it, the scenario is lost. 
Someone has to do something.”

You draw closer to the girl as non-
threateningly as you can. She tries to put 
on a brave face when she sees you, but 
the façade doesn’t last long. After a few 
deep breaths she speaks. “I… I think I B
can tell you where. He has my brothers. 
The Collector...” She sobs, and Captain B
Olmstead puts a reassuring hand on her 
shoulder. “Promise me you’ll stop him.” B

Rewards
New Scenario: The Collection 87

 41.3 • Former Prisoner Guests  41.4 • Flotsam (73)

One of the prisoners you invited to stay “ENOUGH!” The Fish King yells, and a fight endlessly, but with the strength of the 
in your longhouse surprises you one reprieve seizes the battlefield. He stares at Great One, I can create the stability needed 
afternoon. you, his lidless eyes truly evaluating you to calm these waters forever.

for the first time. “Perhaps I misjudged 
“I just wanted to say thanks for… y’know, you.” His speech has a wet quality to it, “There is a third piece, yes? One more to 
for not executing us. I can’t say I’m happy like it is coming from the back of his complete the scale. Help me retrieve it, 
to be up here in Frosthaven, but maybe I throat, but it is clear enough. and I will help you fight the Lurkers. Your 
needed a fresh start.” He looks anywhere pathetic mud hovels will be under my 
around the room but at you, clearly “Scaleless, you are in my realm. I am the divine protection.”
embarrassed to be saying this aloud. king of the seas and all who live in it. Why 

are you standing in my way, when all I Peaceful seas seems like an aspiration 
“Anyway, I scraped together a bit of desire is to once again bring...” The Fish you can get behind, but you are wary of 
money over the last few weeks—honest King pauses, searching for the right word. this megalomaniacal Fish King who, only 
money—and I’ll be moving out. Figured “Peace to these waters? moments earlier, was trying to impale you 
I should repay you for a bit of your with his spear.
kindness. It’s not much, but… anyway, “Something happened when that one,” 
yeah, thanks.” the Fish King gestures to Lihrey with 

his spear, “began tampering with these Section Links
divine rocks. I felt it—the power of the If you agree with the Fish King’s 

Rewards Leviathan—and I immediately knew what proposition, read 90.1 now. 
Gain 10 collective gold. must be done. The seas are fraught with Otherwise, read 71.4.

warring and death. The Lurkers and Abaeli 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
41