65 • L4 A Strong Foundation
  Design: Marcel Cwertetschka-Mattasits; Writing: Isabella Cwertetschka-Mattasits

Scenario Goals on the edge of your limited vision—some Section Links
The scenario is complete when all sort of protective structure. When door 1 is opened, read 142.2.
enemies in it are dead. At the end of 
that round, read 168.3. The cackling sound of impish creatures can 

be heard long before your eyes find them Map Layout
through the frozen fog. They throw small 

Introduction stones at the heads of large undead creatures, 
Responding to an alarm bell, you peer failing to get their attention. Your appearance, 
over the main gate of Frosthaven to see a however, draws the attention of both. 15-A 11-C 16-A
group of unfamiliar figures approaching 
through the night’s freshly deposited 
snow. As you watch them, it dawns upon Special Rules
you that this group leaves no trace of their All monsters add  1 to all their 
movements – no footprints in the snow. attacks. If the scenario level is 4 or 

higher, increase this to  2.
Aesthers. You signal the gate open and 
descend to meet them.

“Greetings.” Eight shimmering forms all 
move their mouths in unison, but a single Scenario Key
voice appears in your mind. “We have 
come to ask for your assistance.” Frozen Corpse Ice Spikes Large Snow 

10 Rock 2

You wonder why this group of Aesthers 
act and speak as one, and they explain as Ice Wraith Rubble 4 Snow Rock 3
soon as the thought reaches your mind. 
“When the betrayer brought about our Living Bones Ice 7 Glowing Orb 1
dissolution, we were not strong enough 
to bring our forms back on our own, 
but, through the strong bonds of our Snow Imp Large Ice 4 Treasure 1
former life, we found each other in the 
vast emptiness and decided to meld – to Snow Door
become as one. Only by doing so did we 3
bring ourselves back.

“We are not strong,” the Voice-of-Eight 
continues. “Not in the sense that others of Loot
our kind are, but if you help us, we will   x8 
provide knowledge in return.” You decide 
to help, and the figures immediately   x2 
lighten their expressions.   x2 

  x4 
“You have our thanks. We have located an 
old elemental array that will assist in keeping   x2 1
our forms anchored to this plane. We can not   x2 
recover it on our own, as lesser spirits and 
malevolent creatures infest the area.”

Voice-of-Eight leads you to the snow fields 
north of Frosthaven, where an unnatural 
fog rolls in, giving you the feeling that the 
air itself has been frozen. You continue 
forward, the Aesthers quiet and always a 
few steps ahead. Before long, ruins appear 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
82



66 • L4 Elemental Cores
  Design: Marcel Cwertetschka-Mattasits; Writing: Isabella Cwertetschka-Mattasits

Scenario Goals You turn and walk around the array, where elemental cores. We can only sustain four 
The scenario is complete when all four you find sections of the floor raised to six of the six portals long enough for you 
A have been activated. At the end of door frames spaced equidistantly around to return with the cores, but that should 
that round, read 130.2. the solid wall. suffice to reactivate the elemental array.” 

With a whooshing sound, the portals open, 
“This is where we will stabilize the and you feel the elemental energies flowing 

Introduction dimensional rift energy to send you to and intermingling with your world.
You arrive at the outpost to find Voice- the planes where we have localized the 
of-Eight has been busy rebuilding. They 
have reformed the missing parts of the Special Rules
walls with something that looks like ice, All six goal treasure tiles in the end of their turn, they may spend one 
but with purple tints. As you stare into the scenario represent elemental cores, elemental core to activate that hex.
material, which also comprises a dome each corresponding to the element 
above the array, you are convinced you of the door closest to it. When any Whenever any door is opened, at the 
can see the stars, despite it being midday. elemental core is looted, place it on the start of each round until its elemental 

looting character’s mat. If they become core is spent, move the corresponding 
The Aesthers continue to bustle about, most exhausted, place the core in the hex element to the strong column. When 
of them concerned with the array itself, but they occupied. Whenever any character four doors have been opened, the 
one of them sits at a table, bent over a thick, occupies any unactivated A at the remaining two become locked.
beautifully bound tome. Her translucent lips 
seem to be moving at an accelerated speed, 
silently forming the words she is reading. Section Links Map Layout

When door  is opened, read 175.4. 
“She is Nera,” Voice-of-Eight says. When door  is opened, read 47.5. 12-D

“She studies the art of enhancement to When door  is opened, read 144.4. 02-E 01-E
aid in our pursuits. Though we are a When door  is opened, read 68.2. 
merged mind, sharing all knowledge, our When door  is opened, read 127.2. 
personalities are separate. Individuality is When door  is opened, read 162.4. 11-C 15-A 11-B
an important part of developing skill.”

Scenario Key Loot 01-G 02-G

12-B
  x12 

Earth Demon  Trap 6   x2 
  x2 

Flame Demon Ice Spikes 6
  x2 
  x1 A A

Frost Demon Lava 4
  x1 
  x1 

Night Demon Ice 4
  x1 

Sun Demon Snowdrift   x1 
4

  x1 
Wind Demon Glowing Orb 1

Snow Door Large Cave 
6 Rock 2

Large Snow Large Snow 
Corridor 2 Rock 3 A A

Snow Corridor 2 Treasure
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL4 RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

83



67 • K4  Core Attunement
  Design: Marcel Cwertetschka-Mattasits; Writing: Isabella Cwertetschka-Mattasits

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete at the end of Each elemental core A has 4x(L+1) Randomly place one demon standee, 
the twelfth round. At the end of that hit points. They are allies to you corresponding to each element noted at 
round, read 154.3. and enemies to all monsters, with the end of scenario 66, next to each portal 

an initiative of 01 for the purpose of B, C, D, and E. These indicate the 
focusing. Any character may forgo type of demon these portals spawn.

Introduction a bottom action (discarding the card 
You rush into the central dome of the instead) to perform  L+1,  one At the start of each listed round, spawn 
Aesthers’ outpost and immediately notice adjacent core. If any elemental core is the following monsters at the listed 
something is off. The entire structure destroyed, the scenario is lost. locations based on character count:
rumbles and Voice-of-Eight shifts in and 
out of sight. Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

“… unstable… need restorative 2, 7 B: One normal B: One elite demon B: One elite demon
energies…” demon

You understand what you must do: 3, 8 C: One normal C: One normal C: One elite demon
empower the elemental cores with your demon demon
own energy. Otherwise, you fear Voice-of-
Eight will be scattered once again across 4, 9 D: One normal D: One elite demon D: One elite demon
the planes. demon

Water drips onto your head, and you look 5, 10 E: One normal E: One normal E: One elite demon
up to see the dome beginning to melt demon demon
away. Not only that, but new planar rifts 
tear open along the outside wall. The 6, 11 Both F: One normal Both F: One elite Both F: One normal 
inhabitants of the elemental planes are set Chaos demon Chaos demon and one elite Chaos 
on reclaiming the cores, fueled by some demon 
new force of chaos. It’s now or never.

Map Layout Scenario Key

Chaos Demon Night Demon Portal 6

11-A 15-A 11-C Earth Demon Sun Demon Snowdrift 6 

Flame Demon Wind Demon Glowing Orb 1

Frost Demon Large Snow 
Corridor 6 Ice Pillar 4

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
84



67 CONT. •  Core Attunement

Loot B D
  x8 
  x3 
  x3 

A A
  x3 
  x1 

F F

A A

E C

68 • L3  The Face of Torment
  Design: Marcel Cwertetschka-Mattasits; Writing: Isabella Cwertetschka-Mattasits

Scenario Goals This Chaos Demon is massive, and its Boss Special 2
The scenario is complete when the booming voice reverberates in your skull, The Tormentor performs: 
Tormentor is dead. At the end of that uttering words of a structure-less tongue.  -1 
round, read 106.4. The only thought you can hold in your  +C-5, , ( : +1 ) 

head is a drive to make it stop. Create 1-hex icy terrain tiles in all 
featureless hexes adjacent to the 

Scenario Effects targets of the attack 
Each character adds two  cards to Boss Special 1   1,  all,  1, ( : +2 ) 
their attack modifier deck and gain . The Tormentor performs: 

 +0;  
 +C-4,  4, ( : ) 

Introduction Create 1-hex hazardous terrain tiles Map Layout
As the dreadful feedback of the failed in all featureless hexes adjacent to 
elemental resonance subsides, purplish the target, and enemies in these hexes 10-D
smoke emerges from the portal in front of suffer  C-1, ( : +1 ) 
you. With it comes a terrible laughter, and 
then... something steps forward into your 
plane: A seemingly haphazard assortment 15-A

of limbs, tentacles, and wings, attached to 
a head sporting an unsettling amount of 
glowing eyes of all shapes and sizes. – Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
85



68 CONT. •  The Face of Torment

Special Rules
The elite Chaos Demon is the Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
Tormentor. It has HxCx3/2 hit points 
(rounded down), has , and is immune 3, 9, etc. A: One normal A: One elite demon A: One elite demon
to  and . demon

Set up the Boss monster ability deck 4, 10, etc. B: One normal B: One normal B: One elite demon
and initiative token. During ordering demon demon
of initiative each round, reveal one 
Boss ability card for the Tormentor in 5, 11, etc. C: One normal C: One elite  C: One elite  
addition to its Chaos Demon ability Chaos Demon Chaos Demon Chaos Demon
card. It performs two turns each round, 
one for each card. 6, 12, etc. A: One normal A: One normal A: One elite demon

demon demon
Randomly place one demon standee, 
corresponding to the two elements not 7, 13, etc. B: One normal B: One elite demon B: One elite demon
noted at the end of scenario 66, next to demon
each portal A and B. These indicate 
the type of demon these portals spawn. 8, 14, etc. C: One normal C: One normal C: One elite  

Chaos Demon Chaos Demon Chaos Demon
At the start of each listed round, spawn 
the following monsters at the listed 
locations based on character count:

Scenario Key Loot

  x5 
Chaos Demon Large Snow 

Corridor 3  59
 x5 

  x5 
Earth Demon Portal 3   x1 A B
Flame Demon Snow Corridor 1

Frost Demon Altar 2

Night Demon Glowing Orb 1

Sun Demon Ice Pillar 4

Wind Demon Treasure 1

C
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

86



69 • P2 Sacred Soil Into the Forest

  Radiant Forest Design: Isaac Childres; Writing: Chris Handley

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when three Whenever any Earth Demon in the discard two cards (if able). Then, in any 
soil samples have been looted. At the scenario dies, instead of a loot token, order, they are placed in the lettered hex 
end of that round, read 27.3. it drops one goal treasure tile. These on the other side of the passage they 

represent soil samples. entered or the closest empty hex. All 
their summons and tokens that were 

Introduction All lettered hexes A to F represent removed are placed in viable hexes 
“More tea?” You sit in the cabin of a local passages to other rooms. closest to the character.
botanist, a Savvas named Listeritus. It 
holds an iron pot with a cloth and pours Whenever any character ends their turn A and C are two sides of the same 
out another steaming herbal draft for you. occupying a passage, they and any of passage, B and D are two sides of the 
“Of course, I can’t really drink it myself, their summons or tokens within  2 same passage, and E and F are two 
but I do so love the smell.” may be removed from the map to travel sides of the same passage.

through the passage.
You have asked Listeritus to help study No figure can teleport or find focus 
the wood you’ve been bringing back At the start of each round (before card between rooms.
from your missions for some sign of the selection), all traveling characters must 
Great Oak. On the table between you is 
a piece of bark. “Now that looks like oak 
to me,” it says. “Divine? I can’t tell, but Section Links Map Layout
definitely the same type as the Great Oak When any character travels from any 
in the capital. And you say you found this A or F for the first time, at the start 
far from here, near the Radiant Forest? of the round read 143.3. 08-B
Interesting indeed.” When any character travels from any 11-A

B or E for the first time, at the start 
Liseritus sits and sniffs at its tea, savoring of the round read 122.1. 15-A
the hint of mint and nutmeg. “I’m 
confident we’ll find a grove of oaks out 
there, but it may require a bit of legwork.

Scenario Key Loot
“Given how the roots of trees can grow   x8 
deep and far, I have a plan. Head to the Earth Demon
Radiant Forest and gather some soil   x5 
samples from three different regions of the   x4 
forest. Bring them here, and I should be able Forest Imp

  x2 
to triangulate where the oaks should be.”

  x1 
Rending Drake

You finish your tea, and then stand to B B
gather your things. “Oh, and be careful. 
That forest is home to all manner of Snow Rock 5 A
dangerous creatures. Here, take some 
more tea with you.”

Tree 2 A

Treasure 3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
87



70 • Q2 The True Oak
  Radiant Forest Design: Isaac Childres; Writing: Chris Handley

Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all When any door 1 is opened, read    x7 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of 46.1. City Guard
that round, read 35.2.   x5 

  x3 
Map Layout Hound

Scenario Effects   x2 
Each character adds one  card to   x2 

Sun Demon
their attack modifier deck. 16-A   x1 

Snow Door 6
Introduction

07-D
“Those damned zealots. Ignorant fools. If Large Snow 
they find the True Oak, they will destroy 01-G Corridor 1
it!” Liseritus’ words ring in your ears as 
you set off in haste, seeking to catch up Snow Rock 4
to this Radiant Order from White Oak. 03-D
Following Listeritus’ directions you are 
soon within the Radiant Forest once more, Tree 2
passing clearings and ancient menhirs.

Treasure
And ahead, standing in the shadows of a 1
massive oak grove, are the rear guard of 
the Radiant Order, ready to block your 
passage. “Come no further, heretics! The 
false tree, and the lies it represents, must 
be destroyed.”

1 1
The commander points his sword at you, 
and the others unleash a pack of snarling 
hounds, which race forward, bounding 
over trunks and shrubs, snapping as you 
stand your ground.

Special Rules
The Great Oak has 2xCx(L+3) hit 
points and is considered to occupy 
each tree and border hex A in the 
scenario. It is an ally to you and 
an enemy to all monsters, with an 
initiative of 01 for the purpose of 
focusing. When the Great Oak is 
attacked, it treats all  attack 
modifier cards as . If the Great Oak 
is destroyed, the scenario is lost.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
88



71 • FR Invasion of the Dock
  Frosthaven Design and writing: Robb Rouse and Christian Wakeman

Scenario Goals Map Layout
The scenario is complete when the 
artificer C occupies any G. At the 01-H
end of that round, read 121.3. 09-D

02-D
14-A 10-B

Introduction
The tranquility of your breakfast is 
broken by cries of alarm echoing through 
town, dock workers and peddlers flee past 
with fear in their eyes. Abandoning your 
salted fish and dried fruits, you rush to Scenario Key
the docks and find them under siege, with 
attackers coming from two directions Abael Scout Dungeon Door 3 Barrel 2
at once. Approaching the mayhem, 
you realize the two forces are actually 
battling each other – and whatever gets Lightning Eel Dungeon 

Corridor 2 Crate 3
in their way. They appear to be focusing 
their attacks on the harbormaster’s office, Lurker 
from which you hear a feeble cry for help. Clawcrusher  Trap 2 Mast 1

Choked with skirmishing Abaeli and 
Lurkers, the waterfront avenues are all Lurker 

Mindsnipper Rubble 6 Supply Shelf 2
but impassable. This will force you to get 
creative if you want to rescue whomever Lurker 
is trapped in the office. Wavethrower Water 4 Treasure 2

Special Rules Piranha Pig

All Abael Scouts and Piranha Pigs in 
the scenario are allies to each other 
and enemies to both you and all other 
monster types. Use the  attack 
modifier deck for the Abael Scouts 
and Piranha Pigs, though they are still Loot
considered enemies to you.   x8 1

If no characters have ended their turn   x4 
adjacent to the artificer C (who does   x4 
not start on the map) by the end of the   x4 
twelfth round, the scenario is lost.

Section Links
When door 1 is opened, read 129.2.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
89



72 • A5 A Giant Block of Ice
  Design and writing: Robb Rouse and Christian Wakeman

Scenario Goals unfortunately not transportable by hand.” all the defenses Lihrey thought were 
The scenario is complete when the You shrug and put your shoulder into the dormant come very much to life.
ice pillar enters E. At the end of that block. As soon as you touch it, however, 
round, read 79.1.

Special Rules
Introduction The ice pillar can be targeted by abilities automatically succeed. In 

Upon the Artificer’s urging, you take characters with attacks or  or  addition, while  is strong or waning, 
his ship, the Cinnabar, to the base of a abilities in an attempt to slide it. the current slide difficulty is reduced by 
mountain far to the east. Trekking deep Whenever the ice pillar is attacked, 1, and while  is strong or waning, it is 
inside, you discover an ancient structure, compare the damage it would suffer increased by 1.
though it is unclear if this place was a to the current slide difficulty.  If the 
mausoleum or a jail for the damned. Using damage meets or exceeds that difficulty, The ice pillar destroys any traps in hexes 
his equipment, Lihrey makes short work the pillar is forced to move (in any it enters, but is not affected by any other 
of the entry door. He leads you through direction) two hexes for two characters overlay tile except obstacles.
a passageway littered with bones and or one hex for three or four characters.
discarded machinery. The current slide difficulty is 3.

Any attack with a  or  effect 
“I guess my research was wrong after reduces the difficulty by 2 for the Doors 1 are locked, but the ice pillar 
all,” Lihrey murmurs. “If this place had attempt, while non-attack  or  can enter them.
defenses once, they seem to have fallen 
victim to time. A shame really.”

Section Links Map Layout
You reach the final room, and the When the ice pillar enters any door 
Valrath gestures to a massive ice block 1, read 141.1.
at its center. “It is here! Help me get this 13-D 02-L 02-H 15-D
ice back to the ship. The equipment I 
need to extract the piece of the scale is 

Scenario Key Loot

  x9 B
Frozen Corpse Rubble 5   x3 

  x5 1
Ice Wraith Stairs 1   x2 

  x1 1
Living Bones Ice Pillar 1

1
Steel 

Automaton Metal Cabinet 3 C 1
Cave Door 4 Sarcophagus 4

Dungeon Door 1 Stalagmites 4 A

Large Cave 
Corridor 4 Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
90



73 • D3 Flotsam
  Biting Sea Design and writing: Robb Rouse and Christian Wakeman

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
Unknown at this time. All hexes in the scenario without When any door 1 is opened, read  

overlay tiles are treated as water 28.3.
(difficult terrain). They are still treated 

Scenario Effects as empty when unoccupied and free of 
Each character suffers 2 and gains . overlay tiles. Map Layout

Any character occupying a supply 
Introduction shelf, bookshelf, or barrel when 

You are playing cards with the deckhands entering any unoccupied water hex, 13-D 16-B 13-B 02-B

of the Cinnabar, losing what little coin you may move the tile they occupy with 
have left, when a strange mist surrounds them. If they do so, the movement 
the ship, and the once tranquil waters turn costs only 1 movement point. 
violent. Enormous waves propel the ship Whenever any 2-hex tile is moved in 
into the jagged rocks of a shoal, brutally this way, the tile’s other hex enters the 
ripping the Cinnabar to pieces. one the character exited, along with 

any figures, tokens, and non-corridor 
You and the crew are cast overboard overlay tiles in the same hex.
to fend for your lives among the rocks 
and debris. You gasp for air as you’re 
submerged deep into the icy water, your Scenario Key
muscles spasming against the freezing 
pain. You surface moments later, hungrily Fish King Cave Door Large Snow 

4 Corridor 3
gulping in fresh air. Luckily, the strange 
storm subsided almost as quickly as it 
came, and in the new calm, you look Abael Herder Snow Door 3 Supply Shelf 2
around at the carnage. The crew is 
nowhere to be found, and the only thing Abael Scout Barrel 2  Trap 6
left intact is the Cinnabar’s jolly boat, 
run aground on a small patch of rocks on 
the far side of the field of flotsam. The Lightning Eel Bookshelf 3 Stalagmites 6
debris should provide a respite from the 
icy waters and ease the swim towards 

Piranha Pig Large Cave 
Corridor 2 Treasure

the jolly boat. Unfortunately, quite a 1
large number of Abaeli and their marine 
minions have shown up on the scene as 
well. You’d rather have the warmth of a Loot
fire than the heat of battle, but it’ll have   x9 
to suffice until you reach the boat and can 
get dry.   x5 

  x3 1
  x2 
  x1 1

1

1
1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
91



74 • G6 Gaps in the Road
  Design and writing: Robb Rouse and Christian Wakeman

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when all If “Friend of the Fish King” is on When door 1 is opened, read 55.2.
enemies in it are dead. At the end of the campaign sheet, spawn two elite 
that round, read 163.4 if “Friend Piranha Pigs at any empty starting 
of the Fish King” is on the campaign hexes. They are allies to you and Map Layout
sheet. Otherwise, read 176.1. enemies to all other monster types.

Each small tree in the scenario has 04-D

If “Friend of the Fish King” is on the CxL/2 hit points (rounded up). They 
campaign sheet, read Introduction A. are enemies to you and all Piranha 
Otherwise, read Introduction B. Pigs and allies to all other monster 09-A 07-B 13-A

types. Whenever any small tree is 
Introduction A destroyed, place one log on any two 

You follow the directions of the water hexes with at least one adjacent 
convalescing Lihrey to the highlands near to the hex the tree occupied.
the Whitefire Woods. As you arrive, a small 
group of piranha pigs waddles up behind 
you. Initially on guard, they sniff you and 
then wag their tails. Apparently the Fish Scenario Key
King has sent along some assistance.

Algox Archer Dungeon Door 1 Debris 2
You move forward and are greeted 
by squalling winds, howling as they 
disappear into the deep trenches that were Algox Guard Snow Door 2 Large Debris 2
long ago carved by receding glaciers. 
Large, ancient trees dot the landscape Algox Priest  Trap 5 Large Water 4
and offer some shelter from the snow 
and biting gusts. Not only do you need 
to discover a way across the trenches, Forest Imp Log 2 Tree 2
but there is a group of menacing Algox 
waiting on the other side. Guardians of the 

Piranha Pig Rubble 2 Small Tree
scale, no doubt. 2

Introduction B Wind Demon Altar 1

You follow the directions of the convalescing 
Lihrey to the highlands near the Whitefire 
Woods. In the snow, you note tracks of 
what could only be a herd of piranha pigs. 1
Did the Fish King send them up ahead of 
you to retrieve the last piece of the scale? 
You just hope you are not too late.

You move forward and are greeted by 
squalling winds, howling as they disappear Loot
into the deep trenches that were long ago   x7 
carved by receding glaciers. Large, ancient 
trees dot the landscape and offer some shelter   x5 
from the snow and biting gusts. Not only   x2 
do you need to discover a way across the   x3 
trenches, but there is a group of menacing 
Algox waiting on the other side. Guardians   x2 
of the scale, no doubt, but you can’t depend   x1 
on them to keep the Fish King at bay.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
92



75 • C2 Infiltrating the Lair  

  Biting Sea Design and writing: Robb Rouse and Christian Wakeman

Scenario Goals Special Rules Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all If any character ends their turn on any   x8 
enemies in it are dead and both water hex in the scenario, they suffer Abael Herder
hallways have been blocked. At the  L/2 (rounded up).   x2 
end of that round, read 147.5.   x5 

Abael Scout
Section Links   x1 

Introduction When door 1 is opened, read 99.2.   x2 
Chaos Demon

It takes some time, but with Lihrey in When door 2 is opened, read 81.2.   x1 
tow, you pinpoint the location of the Fish When either door 3 is opened,  
King: a vibrant coral castle built into the read 163.2. Frost Demon
side of a small, rocky island. Thankfully, When door 4 is opened, read 177.2.
it’s only partially submerged, so not too Lightning Eel
much swimming should be required to 
gain entrance. Lihrey insists on going with Map Layout
you, but you refuse in his injured state. Piranha Pig
Eventually, he relents but hands you a 
number of metal cylinders with fuses. 04-A

Cave Door 1
“Explosives of my own design,” he says. 07-A
“Just in case.” You nod and dive into Dungeon Door
the freezing water. You swim toward an 4
opening in the side of the castle and then 11-D 13-D
up into an air pocket. The water at your 01-F  Trap 4
waist seems alive, swirling with chaotic 
energy flowing and roiling unnaturally. 
A deep sense of foreboding takes hold of Large Water 4
you. You expected Abael defenses, but this 
is something different. You rush forward, Water 5
resolved to break through anything that 
gets in your way.

Debris 2

Ice Pillar 4

Stalagmites 2

1
Treasure 3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
93



76 • B2 Apotheosis  

  Biting Sea Design and writing: Robb Rouse and Christian Wakeman

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete at the end of At the start of the scenario, spawn one act, cannot be targeted by heal abilities, 
the twelfth round. At the end of that normal Piranha Pig adjacent to each is immune to all conditions, and has 
round, read 56.2. character. The Fish King and all Piranha an initiative of 01 for the purpose of 

Pigs are allies to you and enemies to all focusing. If the Fish King is killed, the 
other monster types. scenario is lost.

Introduction
With the final piece of the Leviathan scale Divide the Fish King’s maximum hit At the start of rounds 3, 6, and 9, spawn 
in hand, you sail to the Fish King’s lair: a point value by 2 (rounded down). Do not the following monsters at the listed 
vibrant coral castle built into the side of a set up the Boss monster ability deck or locations based on player count:
small, rocky island. Overjoyed, the Abael initiative token. The Fish King does not 
greedily snatches it from you and gurgles 
with glee. Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

“Well done, scaleless,” the Fish King says, A: One normal  A: One normal  A: Two normal  
then turns to address his subjects. “The Algox Guard and  Algox Guard and  Algox Guards and  
time is almost at hand for us to ascend to one normal Algox Archer one normal Algox Archer one elite Algox Archer
greatness and claim this sea as ours. No 
more war… No more death! I will become B: One normal  B: Two normal  B: Two normal  
the Eternal Leviathan. I will become a Lurker Mindsnipper Lurker Mindsnippers Lurker Mindsnippers
God!” The Abaeli roar as the Fish King 
joins the pieces of the scale together. All spawned Lurker Mindsnippers can be placed in water.

Instantly, you feel the chaotic energy 
beginning to build; a swirling, freezing Section Links Map Layout
darkness seeping along the floor, howling At the start of the seventh round, read 
through the coral statuary. The Fish 105.4. 10-B
King’s body begins to pulse and expand; 
his newly sinuous limbs warping into the 
swirling aether. The Abaeli around him 
prostrate themselves, transfixed by their 15-C 01-F
King’s metamorphosis.

04-A
Suddenly, an explosion deeper within the 
castle rocks the foundation and you hear 
the din of approaching battle. You briefly 
see fear in the Fish King’s eyes. “They are 
here to stop me! Go, my children! Protect – Continued on next page.
me during the ritual!”

The Abeali rush out to face whatever 
attackers have come. You move to join 
them in the defense, but the Fish King 
beckons you closer. His eyes void-dark and 
his voice a strained, layered echo. “Please 
scaleless, stay with me and shield me from 
my enemies. I need you only once more, 
and then you will have the debt of a god!” 
With that, his focus returns solely to the 
ritual and the painful changes wracking 
his body. You ready your weapons and are 
pleased to see your trusty piranha pigs at 
your side for one final battle.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
94



76 CONT. • Apotheosis

Scenario Key Loot

  x9 
Fish King

  x2 
  x5 A

Algox Archer
  x1 
  x2 

Algox Guard
  x1 

Flaming 
Bladespinner

Lurker 
Mindsnipper

Piranha Pig

Dungeon 
Corridor 1

Large Cave 
Corridor 2

Rubble 4

Water 7

Altar 3

Barricade 4

Ice Pillar 2 B

Treasure 2
02

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
95



77 • B1 Fish King’s Ascension  

  Biting Sea Design and writing: Robb Rouse and Christian Wakeman

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when the The Fish King occupies all three ice The first time the Fish King is reduced 
Fish King is dead. At the end of that spikes. He cannot perform any move to at most three-quarters of its 
round, read 173.4. abilities and is immune to forced maximum hit point value (rounded up), 

movement. read 131.2. 
The first time the Fish King is reduced 

Scenario Effects There is no line-of-sight between map to at most half of its maximum hit point 
Each character gains . tiles, and no figure can teleport or find value (rounded up), read 102.2. 

a focus between them. The first time the Fish King is reduced 
to at most one-quarter of its maximum 

Introduction hit point value (rounded up), read  
The Fish King’s apotheosis is nearly Boss Special 1 165.2.
complete, and you are all that remains The Fish King performs:  
to stop his metamorphosis into the  +0 
Leviathan.  -1,  all adjacent enemies,  2 Map Layout

Then it summons one Piranha Pig. It is 
“What is this?” The Fish King bellows normal for two characters or elite for 
as you prepare to strike him down. He three or four characters.
spasms as raw power courses through him, 16-C 04-A

and you see his jaw clench in pain. “You 
are just a speck of sand in front of a tidal Boss Special 2
wave. You are nothing, scaleless. I will—” The Fish King focuses on the farthest 
Whatever he was about to say is cut off attackable enemy and performs: 
with another jerk of pain. The squall is +0 
deafening as elemental wind swirls about +0,  5,  4,  
you, quickly filling and reshaping the Then it kills the closest Piranha Pig, 
very reality of the room. Perhaps you can and all enemies adjacent to the hex 
counter this chaos with some elemental the Piranha Pig occupied suffer trap 
power of your own. damage.

Scenario Key Loot

  x4 
Fish King Ice Spikes 3   x2 

  x2 
Frost Demon Rubble 3   x2 

  x2 
Night Demon Dark Fog 4

  x2 
  x1 

Piranha Pig Debris 3

Wind Demon Glowing Orb 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
96



78 • H5 The Lurker Problem
  Design: Julie Ahern; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
Unknown at this time. When door 1 is opened, read 19.1.   x6 

When door 2 is opened, read 59.2. Abael Herder
  x3 

Introduction   x3 
You wait for the wet directions to dry Map Layout Abael Scout

  x4 
out so they’re legible. When they are 
finally intelligible, you are not surprised   x2 

Lightning Eel
to discover they lead you to the northern 04-A 02-J   x2 
seaside. It’s not too distant a trek, but you 
must make a harrowing descent once you Lurker Soldier
arrive. Rappelling down the basalt cliffs, 
you land before your destination: a stone 13-D 13-B

Lurker 
edifice carved out of the rock, its jagged Wavethrower
entrance tide-bitten and spangled with salt 
and seagull excrement. 10-B 02-C Piranha Pig

You wind between maze-like, pockmarked 
limestone columns. It makes you feel Cave Door 3
absurd, all this sideways scuttling. The 
tide is currently low, and you wonder if Dungeon Door
that should concern you. Suddenly, the 3
columns end, and beyond them lies a 
yawning cavernous space. With a torch, Large Cave 

Corridor 1
you examine your surroundings. An 
ancient, once glorious, stone hall. 1  and  

Trap 3
And, sure enough, some crabby 
companions. Red-eyed and ten-limbed, Huge Water 1
the Lurkers rear up and emit a sound like a 
hiss, if shells could hiss. They’re furious. 2
Apparently, they’re staking out this damp Large Water 3
domain for themselves. You’d let them 
have it, as it smells like fish guts in here, 
but now you’re intrigued about what they Water 7
might be after.

Altar 2
Beyond the Lurkers, you see two 
driftwood doors. The instructions from the 
trench-coated “man” clearly exhort you to Debris 3
take the door on the right.

Treasure
“DO NOT,” it says, “UNDER ANY 1
CIRCUMSTANCES, GO LEFT.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
97



79 • B5 Relic  

  Design: Petri Häkkinen and Antti Tiihonen; Writing: Crystal Mazur

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when the Any character adjacent to sled B 
sled enters any A. At the end of that can forego a top or bottom action 04-A
round, read 164.4. (discarding the card instead) to move 

the sled in any direction along a 01-F
straight line of hexes until its path is 

Introduction blocked by a figure, obstacle, or wall. 02-J 11-D 16-B
When you are ready to go searching for the If the path is blocked by a figure, that 
Relic, you seek out directions. All of the figure suffers damage equal to the 
townspeople turn and point toward the hills number of hexes the sled moved. The 
outside of town and speak again in unison, sled destroys any traps in hexes it 
“Through the hills is a cave within the ice. enters.
You will find it marked by moonlight. Free Loot Scenario Key
the Relic. Retrieve the Relic.” Door 1 is locked and will unlock   x8 

and open when any character occupies Frozen Corpse
You bundle up and head out into the hills, pressure plate C.   x3 
the moon shining full, creating shadows   x5 
stretching across the landscape. As Ice Wraith

Section Links   x2 
promised by the townsfolk, the moonlight 
shines upon the entrance to the cave, When door 1 is opened, read 76.1.   x2 

Polar Bear
a crystalline opening sparkling in the 
hillside.

Snow Imp
Your footsteps echo throughout the cave 
as you investigate and, eventually, you Cave Door
find a large metal cube covered in gears 1
and cogs, buried in the ice and snow. You 
marvel at the gears clicking and turning B

Cave Corridor 3
as you start to chip away the ice, revealing 
a large metallic box with gears and sliding Large Cave 
compartments whirring as you begin to Corridor 1
free it.

Pressure Plate
The cube is incredibly difficult to move, 1
so you pull in your sled from outside 
and, with great effort, lift  Trap 2
the cube onto that. It settles 
with a loud crash that echoes 
through the cavern, awakening Ice 3
other creatures deep in the 
cave. The skittering grows Barricade 1
closer, and the somber echo of 
“AAaaaaahhhhhh” gives you a 
feeling of dread. Ice Pillar 4

The voices move closer, and you 1 C
Metal Cabinet

can now see what is making 1
them: small creatures covered in 
ice and specters that scream in Stalagmites 6
torment. They are not happy you 
are here, disturbing their sleep.

Ice Block 2

Treasure 1
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

98



80 • FR Relic Renewed
  Frosthaven Design: Antti Häkkinen and Petri Tiihonen; Writing: Crystal Mazur

Scenario Goals and gears on the outside 
The scenario is complete when the of the Relic, a soft glow 
Relic is dead. At the end of that round, starting to emanate from 
read 86.3. within it.

The helper robots B
Introduction crawl over the cube, 69

You agree to tracking down the cube, a task running tubes to C
that appears to be rather simple, given the recharging stations placed 
unique tracks it left in the snow as it crashed in the corner of the cave. The 
through the wall of the town. “The Relic! small robots now take notice 
Retrieve the Relic!” The townspeople are now of you and emit a high-pitched 
frantic, crying and wailing in horrific unison. whine. In turn, the hum from 

the cube grows louder, and the 
You head out of town and follow the trail, movement of its gears accelerates. It 
fully convinced this isn’t normal. The Relic is growing in power, and its helpers 
made no effort to hide its movement, and you have clearly grown hostile. Given that, 
track it to another cave. While scouting, you and its eerie effect on the townsfolk, 
quickly realize it has summoned other robot you decide to put an end to this Relic 
helpers, who are poking and turning the cogs once and for all.

Special Rules
Each metal cabinet A to D has attackable enemy and performs: 
(2+L)xC/2 hit points (rounded up). +2,  
They are enemies to you and allies +0,  focus (if adjacent) A
to all monsters. The Relic receives and all enemies in or adjacent 
the following bonuses until the to hexes entered during the 
corresponding metal cabinets are movement. 
destroyed: D: Change Special 2 to the 
A: Add  to all attacks targeting the following: The Relic summons 
primary focus. two Ruined Machines. These 
B: Gain  1+(L/2) (rounded up). are normal for two characters, 
C: Change Special 1 to the following: one is elite for three characters, or 
The Relic focuses on the farthest both are elite for four characters.

Map Layout Scenario Key Loot

  x8 
The Relic

  x2 
12-A Robotic   x3 

Boltshooter   x2 62

15-D Ruined   x1 D
Machine

  x1 
Steel   x1 

Automaton
04-B

Large Metal 
Corridor 2

 Trap 2 Barricade 1 Metal Cabinet 4

Rubble 2 Debris 5 Treasure
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION. 2

99



81 • A12 Ruinous Research Lab
  Crystal Fields Design: Marcel Cwertetschka-Mattasits; Writing: Isabella Cwertetschka-Mattasits

Scenario Goals Unfortunately, they are not the only threats Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when the down here. Ancient machines, awoken in the   x9 
goal treasure tile is looted. At the end tumult, now stir and advance toward you. Aesther 

Ashblade
of that round, read 114.1.   x2 

Special Rules Aesther Scout   x5 
Introduction   x2 

All Aesther Ashblades and Aesther 
While resting at your campfire, you take Scouts are allies to each other and Ancient   x1 

Artillery
out the ancient tome that led you here. enemies to all other figures. However,   x1 
The book is bound in a stiff fabric that they cannot be focused on or targeted Flaming 
gives off a soft glow, shifting in color. You in any way by other monster types. Bladespinner
deciphered its contents well enough to Use the  attack modifier deck 
deduce its place of origin, and, from what for the Aesther Ashblades and Ruined 
you have gathered, the book was written Aesther Scouts, though they are still Machine

by a Quatryl researcher—a log of their considered enemies to you. If any Steel 
work and life. It ends abruptly, but hints Aesther Ashblade or Aesther Scout Automaton
at several devices and techniques to better ever enters the hex with the goal 
protect against the unnatural weather treasure tile, the scenario is lost. Metal Door
conditions that occurred at the time. 3
With the prospect of uncovering ancient At the start of the sixth, ninth, and 
technology on your mind, you break camp. twelfth rounds, spawn one Aesther Large Metal 

Corridor 2
Scout at any empty starting hex. It is 

As you arrive at the location within the normal for two characters, elite in the 
Pressure Plate

crystal field, where the research laboratory ninth round for three characters, or 2
once must have stood, you see only elite for four characters.
broken, snow-covered walls. Exploring the  Trap 6
ruins, it seems as if there is nothing left to All doors 1 and 2 are locked and 
be found here. That is, until one of your are treated as objectives with  
steps produces a hollow sound. You brush (L+1)x2 hit points. They are enemies Rubble 6
away the snow to discover a hatch into an to you and all Aesther Ashblades and 
underground structure. You open it and Aesther Scouts and allies to all other Debris 4
descend, valves and gears litter the walls. monster types, with an initiative of 

20 for the purpose of focusing. When 
By the time your feet find solid ground, a door would be destroyed, it opens Large Debris 4
your eyes have adjusted to the dim light instead.
of the ancient Quatryl lamps. But you Barricade
don’t need your eyes to detect something 1
else down here. Something almost Section Links
imperceptible until you realize what it When door 1 is opened, read 174.3. Barricade 5
is: Aesther telepathic communication. The first time either door 2 is 
Maybe it is due to your experience opened, read 133.2. Treasure
communicating with Aesthers, or maybe it 2
is due to those communicating not taking – Continued on next page.
precautions, but when you concentrate, 
you’re able to pick up snippets of the Map Layout
conversation. Things like, “Hurry”, 
“Others may know of this place”, and 
“Will meet death.” You surmise that they 01-B
are a group still under the influence of the 
Corruption, and whatever they are looking 02-F 07-F 16-D 11-F
for, you need to find it first.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
100



81 CONT. • Ruinous Research Lab

B
1 2 B

B

82 • P8 Expedition North
  Imperial Mountains Design: Marcel Cwertetschka-Mattasits; Writing: Isabella Cwertetschka-Mattasits

2 E 2

A A

H

4 B 3
4

D A
2

A B
2 3

3 B F

4
C A

2 G 2 – Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
101