162.1 • Furious Factory (109)  162.2 • The Eternal Crave (122)

As alarms blare, you push into a You look at the ingredients you have: the 
seemingly empty room. You marvel at the firepepper, the axenut, and the pieces of 
brief respite, but then machines drop down A the mammoth bark. You lay them out next 
from the ceiling. to the boiling cauldron and take a look at 

the recipe scrap.

3

 162.3 • The Longest Second (125)

Conclusion fracture is now gone and the other of the 
You race out the front of the facility and two crystals is now glowing—this time 
dive down the hill as a massive firestorm blue. The danger is now past, and you are 
rages in the space above you. You lay on able to concentrate on your newly restored 
the ground, breathing heavily, marveling amulet to return to Frosthaven.
at the fact you still retain all your limbs.

A number XYZ points to XY.Z.
At least now you know what burning time Rewards
smells like. Gain “Temporal Amulet” 194 .

It seems needlessly complicated, but you 
You stand up, and brush yourself off. You look to Noore and get only a noncommittal 
can feel that time has normalized. The shrug. You’ll have to figure this out 

yourself.

 162.4 • Elemental Cores (66)  162.5 • Tome of Life

An Aesther hands you a lantern as you Eddica instructs the two volunteers to 
pass through the portal, smiling with a stand within runes she traces onto the 
thankful expression. You nod and step floor in salt. She whispers something that 
through into utter darkness. You feel  sounds garbled and you can feel your 
cold from your insides and  vitality pooling at your torso like a dull 
skittering sounds echo through  pain. She crosses her fingers and you feel 
the air from all directions,  something snap while your insides wrench.
making your skin crawl.

Rewards
For the next scenario, select a number 
less than either selected character’s 
maximum health value. One character 
begins the scenario suffering that 
amount of damage, and the other 
character begins with their maximum 
hit point value raised by the same 
amount.

Goal
Gain “Tome of Life” 218 .

Do not resolve an outpost event 
this week.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
162



 163.1 • Tome of Elements  163.2 • Infiltrating the Lair (75)

Eddica the Librarian runs her finger down This hallway is cold but brimming with see a large school of piranha pigs closing 
the page of the Tome of the Elements. activity. Alerted to your presence, you on your position. That ceiling must come 
She half-whispers something arcane, down to stop their approach.
then scoops a fistful of ice out of a bowl, 
tracing a sigil with the melted water on Special Rules
your foreheads. When any character ends their turn Section Links

adjacent to any B, the hallway is The first time a hallway is blocked, 
“Brr!” She shivers, rubbing her hands up considered blocked. Any enemies read 167.3. 
and down her arms. “You feel that?” occupying any B die.

Rewards
4

During the next scenario, the  
element token does not move from 
the waning column to the inert B
column at the end of any round.

B
Gain “Tome of Elements” 216 .

Do not resolve an outpost event B
this week.

3 3

 163.3 • Joseph the Lion Returns  163.4 • Gaps in the Road (74)

A couple of days ago, Joseph the Lion Conclusion “If only I had more time to research...” 
finally opened his ice-cream stand. After As the priest falls, so too does the constant The Valrath slumps in his bed, seemingly 
a modest turn out on opening day the shrill of the wind that has accompanied exerting too much energy in his still 
stand was shut soon after. You figure there you since entering the peaks. You stow the weakened state. Before he falls back into 
must be a good reason for such immediate last piece of the scale away in your pack a herb-induced sleep, he mutters, “I wish 
closure and decide to pay Joseph a visit in and return to Frosthaven to resupply. You I could have been there to see it... Please 
hopes that the merchant is once again in show the fragment to Lihrey and make take good notes...”
need of assistance and willing to part with clear your intent to give it to the Fish King.
a few coins.

“No single being should have the power,” Rewards
Lihrey shakes his head. “But I am in no Gain one random item blueprint.

Rewards position to stop you. Also, I understand that 
New Scenario: Joseph the Lion 126 you must explore every avenue you can for New Scenario: Apotheosis 76

peace, I just hope it is worth the risk.

 163.5 • Portal of Pain

The portal looks unstable, but you really sweeping all the contents off a tabletop, Which leaves you with a giant metal monster, 
don’t want to meet what’s up above that and the portal swells to tremendous size who has turned its sights on Frosthaven in 
leg. You tackle the Pain Conduit through with a rush of orange air. the distance. It’s in your world now.
the portal, rolling onto the ice. You’ve 
never felt so appreciative of simple ice The monstrous creature steps through to 
underfoot. The Aesther stands, shouting your plane with a colossal footfall. Only Rewards
back through the crackling portal. then, looking up at the enormous figure, does All characters start the next 

the Pain Conduit recognize their mistake. scenario discarding two cards. 
“Yesss! Colossal embodiment of suffering,  
I am your ally! Come to me, so that I can “No… this is not the source of pain. It is New Scenario: The Titan 123   
channel your dark energy!” The Pain not even alive. It must have been the world You must play this scenario now.
Conduit motions as though they were itself!” They run back through the portal 

and it snaps shut behind them.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

163



 164.1 • Gaps in the Road (74)  164.2 • Library Built

You enter the building and see, on an You shelve the books according to the She sits down behind her desk, shuffling 
altar at the far end of the room, the final Damon Decimal System with ease, and a stack of paperwork out of the way. 
scale fragment. Slowly rising from her even make sure to put “Gemstones” under “Listen, there are books out there, four 
seated position on the floor, this shrine’s “Orchid” per Eddica’s request. When she tomes of incredible power. The Tome of 
guardian stares at you with disgust. With returns she makes a thorough review, then Life, the Tome of Conflict, the Tome of the 
a swift incantation, the aged Algox priest gives a small nod. Elements, and the Tome of Time. I want 
summons Wind Demons to keep you from you to collect them for me.” The young 
your goal. “Well done, good to see there are some Valrath pushes her red-rimmed glasses up 

individuals in this backwater who might the bridge of her nose.
benefit from a library. Master Scrim 
will be delighted to hear it in my next “My research suggests the Tome of Life 
letter.” The edges of her lips barely curl is in this region—it’s the whole reason 
up into a smile, but before it registers she I’m up here at all. No need to go out of 
straightens her clothes and continues, your way, but if you do happen upon it and 
“You know, there is a matter I could use bring it back to me… well, I’ll make sure 
your assistance on… it might require you’re rewarded.”
some minor… uh, reappropriation of 
antiquities.” You look at her blankly.

Rewards
She rolls her eyes. “What, you expect me Add event SO-58 to the summer 
to sit around writing the complete history outpost deck, event WR-45 to the 
of Frosthaven? Please, this town was a winter road deck, and event SR-47 

3 sleepy fishing village until a few years to the summer road deck.
ago. It’d barely fill a napkin.”

 164.3 • Ruins of the Solstice (104)  164.4 • Relic (79)

The strange vault you find yourself in Section Links Conclusion
continues. You find it peculiar how the  When door 2 is opened, read  You shiver and slide the sled outside, 
whole place is split down the middle – 14.2. hoping all of this will be worth it. It’s quite 
verdant spring on one side and desolate difficult, lugging the giant cube over the 
winter on the other. What sort of magics hills, but you make your way across the 
did the builders possess to create  frozen landscape and back to the outpost.
such a place?

Mayor Satha greets you, shepherding the 
2 townspeople, who repeat in unison. “The 

Relic! You have retrieved the Relic! Thank 
you!” Their voices carry through the night 
and follow you back to your quarters.

A Out of all of the things you’ve seen, this 
might be one of the most unsettling, and it 
continues to follow you. For several weeks, 
you can hear the chanting in your dreams.

A
Rewards
Gain 3 morale.

A Section Links
Add 45.2 to the calendar in three 
weeks.

1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
164



 165.1 • Ruins of the Equinox (105)  165.2 • Fish King’s Ascension (77)

Conclusion “NOOOOOOO!” The Fish King falls to Special Rules
At the very back of the room, once the his knees, gripping the fresh wound. He Set the Fish King’s current hit point 
guardians have been dealt with, you find a looks up at you, eyes filled with anger and value to one-quarter its maximum hit 
single bar of metal on a pedestal. Judging fear. The portal opens once again and he point value (rounded up). It is now 
by the writing on the wall, it is called the turns insubstantial. A burst of frigid air, as immune to damage.
elemental alloy, and it shimmers in your if borne from the icy depths, tears at your 
hands, as if begging to be melted down exposed skin. The Fish King’s power is Any figure adjacent to the Fish King 
at a forge. The alloy could be used with waning. You know what needs to be done. may spend 1 movement point to place 
a mold to forge a new key, but you know their figure in any empty hex adjacent 
that a regular blacksmith’s forge won’t do to the glowing orb.
the trick. There are etchings on the side of 
the alloy, printed there by whoever mined Right now, if  is strong or waning, 
the substance: “The Tempus Forge.” That’s it can immediately be consumed to 
where you need to go next. cause one Frost Demon to suffer trap 

damage.

Rewards All characters add +2  to all their 
Gain 2 collective . attacks targeting Frost Demons.

Section Links Section Links
Add 159.4 to the calendar in four When all Frost Demons are dead,  
weeks. read 184.5.

 165.3 • Old Coin  165.4 • Letter from 

You pick up a few coins scattered across “Mail call,” the exasperated Quatryl mail “I will stay with these Quatryls for a while 
the ground in the commotion, but none carrier stands at your doorway holding longer. Despite them being so small, I 
feature the special markings Dinah the a weather-beaten letter. “Popular folk, still feel a kinship with them. A strange 
tavern operator described. ain’t you? This one comes from across the familiarity.

Misty Sea apparently. Picked it up from a 
ship merchant in Gloomhaven.” “One last thing. They recently discovered 

Rewards some strange runes, and, despite their 
The looting character gains X gold, You open it up to find a communication intelligence, can’t seem to make any 
where X is how much gold one from the Metal Mosaic: sense out of them. I told them how you 
money token is worth at L+1. deciphered the instructions on how to build 

“I must apologize. What you said to me me, and so they thought maybe you could 
about not being beholden to anyone other help with these too. What do you think?”
than myself—apparently, it just took a 
long time for that to sink in, or maybe 

 165.5 • Lustrous Pit (108) I just had to hear it from someone else. 
You see, I never quite made it across the 

2 ocean. I found myself on a small chain 
of islands out in the middle of the sea, 
the home of a group of Quatryls who are 
more closely tied to those who built my 
parts. They helped me see more clearly 
what you were trying to tell me all along. 
Though my creation was not biological, 
that does not preclude me from the same 

Goal experiences and opportunities as any other 
sentient being. Those who created me are 
long dead, but even if they weren’t, I am 
here now with my own will and my own 

03 desires, and I have the freedom to forge my 
own path in whatever way I would like.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
165



 166.1 • Cecil’s Room  166.2 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

You rush into the barracks and turn over Tarro’s burned-out cabin and meet with New patrons wander in and gravitate toward 
Cecil’s room looking for evidence. On the demon before sundown. your table, curious about the gathering 
the topmost shelf of his locker you find a around it. Narb suddenly twitches in his 
pair of shoes with a handkerchief wedged sleep and begins to flail about, spouting 
inside. Unfolding it you find a small Oak Section Links high-pitched gibberish. Then comes another 
Charm, but there isn’t much else. You push Read 88.2 now. loud snore, and he settles back down.
past him in the doorway to head back to 

Nits doesn’t miss a beat, though, “Exactly, 
Narb. That’s when the strangest thing of 
all happened. Believe it or not, the Great 

 166.3 • Furious Factory (109) Oak itself sprouted up amidst the chaos 
for a front-row viewing of history! It said, 

You open the door and are faced with ‘Blessings!’”
several laser gates waiting to block off 
your path. In the far corner, following Nits stands and makes a big flourish with 
the cables, you spy a long-abandoned his arms, showering the front row in 
console that must have once been used droplets of ale. People can’t help but smile 
to supervise. No wonder there is extra and applaud.
security in this room. 1

Special Rules
Place one tree in any three starting 
hexes. Remove everything in these 
hexes from the map except for any 
figures, which are instead placed in 

A the closest empty hexes.

All characters gain  and their base 
attack values are doubled this round.

A
Section Links
At the start of the eighth round, read 

80 132.4.

 166.4 • Job Posting  166.5 • Black Memories (121)

“Take a number.” Glint, the Inox records- afternoon I was to find help. He could be Conclusion
keeper at the town hall, gestures to a lost or, or—dead…” You begin to depart the underground 
dispenser. A frantic-looking woman grabs cavern, noticing small, pointed faces 
out a slip of paper as you arrive in the Glint, champion of relationship-building, peering out from dark recesses. One 
otherwise-empty lobby. chooses this time to interrupt. “Ma’am, you of the creeping Vermlings, bolder than 

should know that the outpost of Frosthaven the others, edges toward the site of the 
“Three. Alright, now what?” She asks. does not endorse or guarantee the services mechanical suit. Passing by, you solemnly 

of third-party mercenaries. The assistance hold out the helmet. The Vermling squints 
Glint takes the slip of paper from her, of these sell-swords is at your own risk.” suspiciously. But then she takes it from 
then shows it to her as though he was you. You then start on your long journey 
explaining something to a child. “It has a Tears well in her eyes as she looks back to Frosthaven.
three on it, so come back in three weeks.” between the members of your party. “I’m 
The woman’s eyes widen. begging you. Here, he always leaves a map 

of where he goes spelunking.” Section Links
“Are you mad?! My husband could be dead Add 184.3 to the calendar in six 
by then!” Red from shouting, she turns to weeks.
you, pleading. “You have to help me! My Rewards
husband told me if he didn’t return by this New Scenario: Deadly Pastimes 85

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
166



 167.1 • Among the Wreckage (54)  167.2 • Job Posting

Special Rules DING. DING. DINGdingDING! sweating! Because of the warmth. Of this 
Door 2 is locked and will unlock and room. It is very warm, correct?” It’s tough 
open when ten total objectives have “Hello? Helloooo?” A thin man bundled up to make out the man’s eyes hidden between 
been destroyed. in a trench coat is adamantly ringing the the assorted scarves wrapped around his 

desk bell at the town hall. Glint, the Inox face. His boots look new, but much too 
Shuffle the six numbered tokens records-keeper, is pretending to nap a few large for someone of his stature, and the 
face-down again. feet away. “I see you there. I need help!” trench coat he’s wearing is nearly soaked 

through. The man dabs at his face with a 
Glint shouts without opening his eyes, wet handkerchief, then pushes aside the 

Section Links adjusting his chair to face away from the scarves to take a long swig from a canteen. 
When door 2 is opened, read 13.3. disruption. “I’m on break! Come back You can’t help but notice there’s another 

later.” three containers hanging empty off his belt.

2 The man slaps a gloved palm on the He taps the bottom of the canteen to 
countertop, leaving behind a puddle extract the last few drops, then remembers 
of water. “I am running out of wat— you standing there. “Right… Lurkers, they 
er, patience! Yes, I am running out of killed my family, and I need you to… uh, 
patience!” The man returns to ringing the revenge. I would explain more, but it’s 
bell with intensity, covering the countertop very important I leave right now—er, for 
with moisture with each thump. Glint an appointment! Here’s directions,” he sets 
begrudgingly gets out of his seat to a wet wad of paper into your hand. “I’ll 
respond when he spots your group. explain later! Thank you! Good bye.”

“Right, well, I was just waiting for the With that, he waddles out the door and into 
best mercenaries in town to show up. And the street in a panic, tripping several times 
here they are, look at that. Take it up with and leaving a trail of water behind him.
them. And stop sweating on my counter!” 
Glint drops back into his chair, done with 
the whole affair. Rewards

New Scenario: 
05 The man sizes you up, looking a bit The Lurker Problem 78

nervous. “Yes, it’s sweat! I am merely 
1

 167.3 • Infiltrating the Lair (75)  167.4 • Underground Station (96)

The blast from the first barricade Special Rules
reverberates throughout the halls. The Floating platform B now moves 
element of surprise is clearly long gone, so toward the stairs then stops when 
you must work quickly. The carved doors adjacent to them.
to the inner chamber burst, but only show a 
transfixing, inky darkness beyond. It holds 
your gaze until you realize it is moving 3 Each A is an escape hex.

– dozens of grasping shadows reaching 
out toward you. The tendrils coalesce, 
transforming into the sinuous shapes of 
two Chaos Demons. Just what kind of 
power is the Fish King drawing upon?

A
Special Rules
Spawn two Chaos Demons at C at A A
the start of the next round. These are 
normal for two characters, one is elite A
for three characters, or both are elite 
for four characters.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
167



 168.1 • Old Coin  168.2 • Blast the Lurkers  168.3 • A Strong Foundation (65)

Regardless of who minted it, a gold coin The Quatryl seems confident, and you Conclusion
is accepted based on its weight alone. You trust his evaluation. You give him the The wraith disperses into the air, and the 
find a few coins of questionable origin, but go ahead to prepare the device as Sun in other creatures lingering in the area take 
none featuring the special markings you’re Shallows returns to the sea. flight, leaving you in peace. Without a 
looking for. sound, Voice-of-Eight materializes in front 

of the elemental array, and they position 
Rewards themselves around the device, chanting 

Rewards Place map overlay sticker Z on the words of an ancient tongue. The sound 
The looting character gains X gold, map in location Z (F2). of their eight separate voices is eerie and 
where X is how much gold one beautiful, and it makes you wonder how 
money token is worth at L+1. New Scenario: Explosive Descent 50 much of their individualism they each 

gave up to sustain their existence. 
Do not resolve an outpost event 
this week. A few minutes into the chant, the ice upon 

the array starts melting, and one of the 
Aesthers steps forward, dissolving into a 

 168.4 • My Private Empire (107) mist that envelops the contraption, making 
it glow from within. A few haunting 

The same voice from the courtyard rings Special Rules minutes later, the misty Aesther reforms 
out from brass tubes arranged at each The first episode is overcome when all and the rest fall silent.
corner of the room: “Welcome! I hope you revealed enemies are dead.
aren’t too tired after your long journey? “The anchor is the only thing still intact,” 
Please allow my servants to take your Voice-of-Eight says collectively. “We must 
coats...” Section Links find new elemental cores—at least four 

When the first episode is overcome, of them—and put them back into place, 
read 150.3. or this array will continue to be nothing 

more than a memory of ages past. We will 
1 search them out across the planes and 

return to you when we have devised a way 
to retrieve them.”

Rewards
Gain 2 collective  and  

A 2 collective .

Section Links
Add 95.4 to the calendar in six 
weeks.

 168.5 • Bolt (133)  168.6 • A Waiting Game (117)

Conclusion The voice falls silent, and you look down 
The idol lets out a meow of relief as you at the idol. It is clearly cracked, but has 
finally reach the surface back into the at least stopped leaking power. Also, the 
fresh air. Once again, you feel its voice compulsion to hold onto it has faded, so 
echo inside your head: “I have seen the you stow it in your pack and return to 1
chaos the creatures of this land will cause Frosthaven.
with my power, and so I sealed myself 
away. But you have changed that fate. 
Those who would do harm are now buried Rewards

A
beneath this mountain, and I am free to Gain “Cracked Idol” 238 .
aid you in your adventures, though my 
power is diminished...”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
168



 169.1 •  Returns

Unlike Frosthaven’s wintery landscape, “The empty one is mine,” the Trapper ears, likely from a slingshot. “Diplomatic 
the hunting lodge has entered a season  admits miserably. They have been residing lot,” they say ruefully.
of abundance, thrumming from an influx in the Whitefire Wood, a region usually 
of ice fishers and fur traders. Drinks and known for its diverse fauna. Lately, The Trapper wants your help relocating the 
tall tales are shared, prices for goods however, the population of small animals bears away from the tribe. “They need the 
haggled over. You almost overlook the like snow foxes has been waning. This is chance to repopulate in an environment 
familiar, forlorn Vermling sitting by the due to a new predator: polar bears. more suited to them.” Eager to escape 
roaring fire. town for a while, you readily agree. The 

“When I decided to track the bears,” Trapper provides a map for you, marking 
Discomfited in crowds, as usual, the the Trapper says, “I discovered a local the spot where you shall meet.
Trapper fidgets with their tailcoat draped Vermling colony was overhunting them, 
in their lap. You approach, surprised at pushing them out of their usual habitat in 
their presence. You didn’t notice their fur- the barrens. I tried speaking to these other Rewards
piled sled outside. Vermlings.” The Trapper removes their New Scenario: A Waiting Game 117

bush hat, revealing a lump between their 

 169.2 • Sled Built  169.3 • Crain’s Recovery

With the sled complete, you can now You have been lucky—luckier than Crain pulls out a hefty book with an 
safely venture farther out into the tundra. most—to have never spent more than excited look. You ask if that will help you 
Captain Olmstead joins you for a test run a few nights inside a gaoler’s cage. Of get to the center of the Unfettered facility, 
on a borrowed scouting sled from the town course, there have been times when your and the Quatryl frowns. “Oh, fine, I 
guard, and you can’t help but enjoy the temper’s gotten the better of you, when suppose we could talk about that first.”
taste of the crisp morning air. The Captain you’ve indulged more than was wise, but 
eyes the next hill and gives a wry smile. you’ve never been forced to spend night Crain unfolds a set of building 

after night, month after month sleeping on schematics in front of you and shows 
“Your new sled might outmatch the design a stone floor with nothing to look forward you two paths from the library that will 
of mine, but there’s no substitute for to but a glimmer of morning light through take you to the core of the facility. One 
experience.” He cracks his neck. “Let’s iron bars. So you can’t really fathom what is through the duct system, bypassing 
make it interesting… first to that tree line it’s like to finally be free from prison or the bulk of the Unfettered workers by 
over there buys the next round.” Before what a person would do when they finally sneaking above them 36 . The other is a 
you have a chance to agree—or even spot got out, but you doubt they would do this. long, narrow path deep in the facility that 
the tree line in question, Olmstead has Crain says is an unfinished transportation 
egged his dogs on down the hill. Crain Tallengyr, the Quatryl scholar you system the Unfettered have abandoned

rescued from the Unfettered catacombs, 37 . Both lead to the central chamber, but 
You push off in pursuit, but by the has transformed his previously clean, there’s no knowing which one will yield 
time you make it to the tree line your albeit sparse, room into the cluttered, the easier path.
competition is nowhere to be seen. Then cramped nest of an academic. Somehow 
you spot him: seated on a log just inside between last night and this morning, “Now,” Crain says pointedly, pulling out 
the shelter of the snowy tree canopy is the Quatryl has gathered several books his book again, “If we could get back to 
Captain Olmstead sharing a canteen of and a large stack of parchment and he’s this...” The Quatryl clearly wants to move 
water with his panting sled dogs. arranged everything on the floor around on from his memories of the Unfettered 

him like a flimsy mosaic. Behind him is a facility, so you take the hint and ask what 
“Hah! Glad we understand there’s still a plate of half-eaten eggs and hard biscuits he’s so excited about.
thing or two you mercenaries can learn and several empty teacups. The bed looks 
from this old-timer.” unused, except the top sheet has been 

confiscated to sop up a large puddle of ink Rewards
on the floor. His door is open and when you New Scenarios: Buried Ducts 36 , 

Rewards knock on the frame, his face lifts into a The Dead Mile 37
Place “Sled” campaign sticker on manic smile.
the town map at location B. You 
may now play scenarios with the “My stalwart friends!” He bows without Section Links

 requirement. getting up. “Come to check on your Read 190.4 now.
rescued ward? What chivalry! And perfect 

Gain 1 prosperity. timing, I might add. As you can tell, I’ve 
managed to get in a full night’s work.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
169



 170.1 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

You sip your pint and notice a couple Special Rules
patrons seem to have their ears bent to the Flip over tile 2-I to 2-J, connect it as 
story. Some have even moved their chairs shown, and open door 1. Relocate 
to hear better. door 4 to A. If there are any figures, 

tokens, or overlay tiles in A, place 
“Any wind in the mercenaries’ sails was them in the closest viable hex.
stifled, though, upon witnessing the nearby 1
ruins get swallowed up by a cave, holding All characters discard one card from 
more enemies in its maw,” Nits continues, their hand (if able).
his beard in his mug. “I recall the fear in 
their eyes – the breath departing them as 
panic set in.” Section Links

At the start of the third round, read 
152.2.

 170.2 • Abandoned Hideout (136)  170.3 • Vermling Siege

Special Rules Section Links You rummage through your packs for 
Boats A and B now focus on moving When door 2 is opened, read  anything that might sate the appetites 
toward and being adjacent to C. 180.4. of the Vermling swarm and find some 

edible plants you’d been saving for other 
purposes. They’re a small price to pay for 
Frosthaven’s safety. You make the offering 
to the chieftain, hoping it’s enough.

C
(Each character loses all herbs they are 
carrying.)

If the total of all herbs lost is C or 
greater: The Vermling adorned in orange 

2 feathers accepts your harvest. “A true 
pleasure doing business with you. Perhaps 
we’ll meet again someday.” With that he 
rounds up the Vermlings and they push on, 
presumably to harass some other outpost. 

1 Ignore the Section Links below.

OTHERWISE: The Vermling adorned 
in orange feathers shoves you toward 
Frosthaven’s gate. “We’ll expect 
something heartier next week!” The other 
Vermlings chuckle at your humiliation as 
you make your way inside.

 170.4 • The Lurker Problem (78) Rewards
Gain 1 morale.

With the Lurkers bearing down on you, Special Rules
it takes too much effort to follow the Door 3 is now unlocked. Do not resolve an outpost event 
elaborate kill-dance the instructions this week.
choreograph for you. You disregard them 
and overcome your enemies in the order Section Links
you deem necessary. That seems to work When door 3 is opened, read  Section Links
just fine. Once they are defeated, the 51.2. Add 5.1 to the calendar in one 
passageway to the left is unobstructed. week.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
170



 171.1 • Temple of Feline Power (132)

As the last wraith falls, you feel a burst Special Rules Section Links
of heat, and the far wall melts away, Door 1 is locked. When any character ends their turn 
revealing a passage deeper into this adjacent to altar B, read 110.2.
strange place. You feel a familiar force 
nudging you into the next room.

Taking a step forward, you see this room 
is much brighter, the light of the torches 
gleaming from the golden walls now free 
of ice. In front of you is a beautiful shining 1 B
pedestal, topped with... nothing. Not an 
empty pedestal, but swirling darkness 
through which you can just make out 
an old, crumbling, filthy statue of what 
once might have been a cat. You feel, at 
the same time, forced away from it and 
inexorably drawn toward it.

 171.2 • Random Scenario  171.3 • Harrower Library (101)  171.4 • Mail Call

You look down at an ancient sheet of 3 “Okay, I’ve had it!” A Quatryl shouts as 
stone—hardly the riches and jewels you she jumps up on a stool at The Crater, 
were expecting. But there on the stone, Frosthaven’s premier drinking literal-hole-
faded, yet still complete, is a painting: a in-the-ground. “This town ain’t that big, 
landscape, as if painted using the tip of a 
stick or a claw. And despite the crudeness, $ how can it be that hard to find someone?” 

The Quatryl is fuming. “I swear, when 
the details look familiar to you. You I find them I’m gonna...” she trails off, 
could probably find the place this painting angrily glaring around before hopping 
depicts if you searched long enough. down and stomping over to the closest 

table.
Section Links

Rewards Return to 126.2 to reference its You hear her asking patrons if they know 
New Scenario: Lustrous Pit 108 special rules, if necessary. someone, but she keeps stumbling over the 

pronunciation of the name. It’s butchered, 
but it sounds like it might actually be you. 
You raise a hand and she shuffles over, the 
picture of anger.

 171.5 • And Then, a Stream (130)

She slams a letter on the table in front of 
Conclusion me come to the estate in Vinneth for the you. “That’s how you pronounce this?! 

Thankfully, the remainder of your journey annual wine tasting!” Oh for Oak’s sake... FINALLY.” As she 
is a much calmer affair, though still drops her backpack on the ground and 
grueling with the weight of the gems. You As you watch Derrick load the containers starts rooting around in it, you examine 
return to find Derrick sitting in The Crater onto a cart for transport back south, you the envelope. It’s from the well-respected 
with Nits and Narb, and all three greet you can’t help but think about how angry merchant you wrote a letter to! You can’t 
warmly and drunkenly. the Algox are going to be over all this, believe they took the time to write you 

and whether his militia will be around back. 
“I told you they’d do it” Narb shouts, when they come to take out their anger on 
lifting his mug. Frosthaven. “I dragged this stupid thing all the way 

back from White Oak for you.”
Derrick takes stock of all the containers 
and tuts. “A little less than I’d hoped, but Rewards
it will still do.” He smiles and hands you a Lose 3 morale. Gain 1 prosperity. Rewards
large sack of gold. “We’re all about to get Gain 10 collective gold for each Gain one random item blueprint.
a lot richer, and my sister will have to let token carried.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
171



 172.1 • The Eternal Crave (122)  172.2 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

You take another step along the path, Special Rules “Um, Narb?” Derrick tries to move the 
thinking you’re through the icy danger, Door 3 is now locked. large man but only manages to stir up a 
when the new cavern opens up to you, heavy snore.
and you see a bridge of ice extending over 
some rather dangerous pits. There is no Section Links “He’s drooling,” Eros laughs.
turning back now. The main chamber is on When door 6 is opened, read  
the other side of this path. 8.4. 

Special Rules
Any figure that did not have a turn 
yet this round will not have one. It is 

4 now the end of the fourth round. Do 
not perform any long rests and return 
any cards that were not played to their 
character’s hand.

6
Section Links
At the start of the fifth round, read 

124.3.

 172.3 • Hunting Lodge Upgraded  172.4 • Hunting Lodge Inquiry

With a fire roaring in the background, When you ask them to explain their “Yeah, they’d usually play cards in the 
the finished hunting lodge is the perfect process, they warm up to you. “Much back.” An Inox regular in the hunting lodge 
location to exchange tales of narrow of my time is spent not in action, but in is meticulously sharpening an axe against 
escapes from polar bears, as well as observation. It’s a matter of understanding a whetstone. A small stack of finished 
provide hides for Frosthaven. You the animals, their habits. If you’re truly axes sit nearby, and it seems like he has no 
encounter all sorts of patrons whose interested, perhaps I can show you shortage of additional hatchets to hone.
rugged appearances often belie a certain sometime?” 
gruff kindness. “Barno showed up around 5:30 to pick up 

You readily agree, happy for the company. some materials to bring to the guards on 
One of those patrons is a Vermling the front lines. Cecil popped in looking 
Trapper, who sits nearest the fire and away pretty exhausted a little before 6:30. Pretty 
from the crowd, a square hat shadowing Rewards scattered, seemed like. But he ducked out 
their eyes. Sitting beside their wares of Unlock  class box. before Barno returned a few minutes later. 
lustrous, exotic furs, they are currently Barno had a couple cups of something to 
absorbed in constructing an intricate snare. warm him up and didn’t come back until 

around 7:45. Why d’you ask?”

Where will you go now?
 172.5 • Furious Factory (109)

You knock through the door, only to be Section Links
met by a blast of frigid air. This part of the If you search Allya’s room at the 
facility appears to have collapsed, leaving 4 barracks, read 179.3 now.
it open to the outside. Maybe that explains 
the higher security here. If you search Barno’s room at the 

barracks, read 149.2 now.

If you search Cecil’s room at the 
barracks, read 166.1 now.

A If you know who the killer is and don’t 
need any additional investigation, read 

88.2 now.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
172



 173.1 • Hide Depot Built

As a final touch, an intricate woven rug is The peg-legged proprietor grabs the cape Why didn’t you say so? Maybe you’d be 
unrolled at the entrance to the hide depot. out of her hands. “Well if you ain’t got interested in this here waterproof—and 
In an elegant display room heaped with the coin, quit pawing the furs!” The angry much more expensive—purple seal-skin 
goods, the fur trappers, tanners, weavers, woman starts to smooth out the cape to put coat?”
seamsters, and their clientele all brush it back on display.
shoulders. You, too, now have a place to Violet spends her coin with gleeful 
sell excess furs, and contribute to this Violet looks shocked. “What? No—I have abandon, an action you expect will be 
teeming industry. the gold. White Oak provides a stipend more commonplace now in Frosthaven.

for my research… I’m merely concerned 
Amidst the crowd you spot Violet, the about how fragile it seems! It would just 
local Lurker researcher, transfixed at get wet in my coastal studies.” Rewards
one booth. She’s cooing over a cashmere Add event SO-56 to the summer 
cape trimmed with ermine and dyed The shopkeep immediately changes her outpost deck and event SR-41 to the 
her favorite color, purple. “Oh, but I just disposition, showing a smile missing summer road deck.
couldn’t,” she frets. some important teeth. “Oh, a stipend? 

 173.2 • And Then, a Stream (130)  173.3 • Bolt (133)

You’re making some progress recovering Special Rules
from this disaster, but the fight’s not over Do not set up pressure plate B for 
yet. Reinforcements have arrived. two characters. 

Special Rules
Spawn a total of C normal Lightning 
Eels as evenly as possible at any B 
and C. Then spawn C/2 normal 
Frozen Corpses (rounded down)  at 1
any A and C/2 normal Shrike Fiends 
(rounded up) at E.

Section Links
At the start of the eighth round, read B

87.1.

 173.4 • Fish King’s Ascension (77)

Conclusion doesn’t need them anymore—and make a three parts, and then releases a breath that 
With a pained gurgle, the Fish King finally quick exit back to the ship. You hope the he seems surprised he was holding. “You 
stops thrashing. The tendrils of chaos Abaeli left behind will be able to thrive can rest assured that we will only study it 
circling him recede and reality returns to without their megalomaniacal ruler and for historical importance. And the Storm 
the room. His limp body, now returned to leave Frosthaven alone in the process. Society will keep it safe. I will journey to 
its original size, flops to the ground. our headquarters to deliver it immediately. 

Lihrey looks ecstatic when you deliver the Thank you for all your help.”
“Scale... less...” You stand over the Fish scale to him and explain what happened. 
King and see only hatred in his eyes. “Truly fascinating!” He marvels. You look 
“What have you...grrggllllgggll...” At this him dead in the eye and warn him that Rewards
point, his own mistreated piranha pigs no one should try to control the scale’s “Threat from the Deep” quest 
descend upon him, chewing and gnawing powers. complete. Gain “Wave Blade” 201 . 
in a frenzy. You grab whatever valuables Add event B-19 to the boat deck.
are within reach—including the Leviathan “Absolutely, I agree,” Lihrey nods. He 
scale and the spear—the Fish King clearly carefully deconstructs the scale into its 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
173



 174.1 • The Lady in White (86)  174.2 •  Returns

Conclusion finally gave birth to a perfectly healthy Walking down to the dock, you are 
The ghost emits a piercing wail that baby girl. As you walk by, people look up, completely surprised to see your old 
throws you to the ground. Instinctively, nod and give you a faint smile. You nod companion, the Pyroclast, standing at the 
you clutch at your ears, and, thankfully, back and trudge toward your longhouse, shore, staring off into the sea.
the sound slowly fades into an echo. You eager for sleep.
look up to see the remains of the Lady in “Who could have imagined that the 
White dissipating into the cold mist. Savvas would be so... boring?” The 

Rewards Pyroclast says as you approach. “All they 
When you get back to Frosthaven, you Gain 2 morale. want to do is accumulate power and show 
hear the wonderful news: the guard’s wife it off to the rest of us. They don’t actually 

use it for anything. Like they’re preparing 
for a war, but no war is coming.”

 174.3 • Ruinous Research Lab (81) The Pyroclast stands there silently, 
listening to the waves lap gently against 

You stumble over the debris behind Special Rules the wood of the dock. “I’m not coming 
the door, creating a loud noise. This is Barricade E has L+5 hit points. It back to fight with you, if that’s what you’re 
immediately followed by flashing purple is an enemy to you and an ally to all thinking. But I do think I need something 
lights, more machines rising up to greet monsters. new in my life. Maybe... yes, that’s it!”
you, and an ancient artillery mechanism 
slowly turning toward you. The first time any character ends their The Pyroclast suddenly runs over to where 

turn occupying pressure plate C, a number of small fishing boats are tied 
create one  trap in each empty B. to the dock. You follow as it burns one of 
Pressure plate D has no function at the ropes to ash and jumps into the newly 
this time. freed boat. “I’m going to master a new 

element! I will cast myself into the middle 
of the Biting Sea and overcome the powers 

19 E of water and ice!”

You try to object, but the Pyroclast won’t 
C hear it. It is already rowing away from the 

shore. “This is going to be great! Until 

D we meet again!” You have to admire 
its confidence, though the fisherman 
whose boat was stolen doesn’t share your 

1 2 enthusiasm.

Rewards
Gain 3 inspiration.

 174.4 • Ice Cave (111)  174.5 • Old Coin

Conclusion get closer, and the vibrations intensify You’re lucky gold is so shiny: you never 
You finally exit the cave, freeing yourself until—SNAP! would’ve spotted it among the dirt 
from the ice wall. Through the snow, you otherwise. Unfortunately, none of the 
see yourself also emerge from another You open your eyes. Somehow, you are coins feature the special markings Dinah 
cavern. Slowly, you walk toward yourself, one again. You rub your head, and with the the tavern operator told you to look out for.
and you feel the mirror vibrating. mirror in hand, quickly set on your journey 

back to the relative warmth of Frosthaven.
You close your eyes and focus on what Rewards
dwindling power it has left, trying The looting character gains X gold, 
desperately to inform reality that you are, Rewards where X is how much gold one 
in fact, only one person and not two. You Gain “Cracked Mirror” 236 . money token is worth at L+1.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
174



 175.1 • Job Posting

A trip to the hunting lodge to pick up some “Well, surely you know Camilla! A tad “She got word from some mercenaries that 
pelts is rudely interrupted by Eros, the hot-headed, but she has been my most there was a pack of rare, majestic beasts 
local Savvas with a penchant for the arts. capable ally in the war against these drab, in the snow fields to the far east, and she 
The Savvas swoops its black scarf back unflinching walls!” The Savvas touches was just absolutely determined to go paint 
and addresses you with a world of concern its scarf to its head, looking to the heavens them,” Eros explains. “But now I fear the 
in its voice. for assistance. You do vaguely recall an worst! You simply must retrieve her, or 

old woman around town with a bucket this outpost will never again experience 
“Mercenaries! I have devastating news!” of paint, but you assumed she was doing the majesty of her palette!”
Eros continues in a dramatic tone that would some maintenance work. “Oh, surely 
befit oration from the stage. “Camilla, the you—she painted the entryway to the 
prodigy painter, has gone missing!” Eros mineshaft, for instance—a dark, dusty Rewards
pauses, waiting for recognition to play blue that is unmatched!” Eros’ actions are New Scenario: A Grand View 94
across your face. It does not. beginning to draw a crowd. 

 175.2 • Low Morale

Mayor Satha’s jaw clenches as she watches Frosthaven has lost people before, of up what wood we can salvage from the 
another group of dark figures disappear course: to sickness, or raids, or the sheer wreckage. I want a strong bonfire tonight, 
up the trail leading to the Frozen Pass. vicious cold of the North. But in Satha’s bring everyone. Our circle ‘round the fire 
Deserters. expression you see that this loss, the loss will be all the tighter for being smaller.”

of faith, hurts more than all those other 
They won’t make it over the mountains— tragedies combined.
Captain Olmstead wouldn’t let them Rewards
take more than the same meager rations The mayor allows herself another moment Gain 5 morale. 
everyone in the community has been of self-loathing, then closes her eyes and 
surviving on these past weeks—but breathes in deep. When she exhales, you Lose 2 prosperity. 
they’ve chosen to die elsewhere. “Better’n see the weight drop from her shoulders 
sittin’ here, just waitin’ fer some crab- once again. The true mark of a northerner: Rebuild all wrecked buildings  
thing to claw yer guts out,” one deserter the ability to persevere through any loss. for free.
had muttered as he shouldered his pack 
and turned away from Frosthaven. “Well then, fewer mouths to feed, eh?” 

Satha chirps, putting on a tense smile Section Links
“I failed them.” Satha says flatly. and turning to a starved guard. “Gather If your morale reaches 0 again, read 

this section again.

 175.3 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  175.4 • Elemental Cores (66)

You notice grooves along the floor, as if Searing heat crashes against your skin, 
this massive boulder can be moved. making it hard to breathe for the first few 

moments after entering the portal. You are Goal
greeted by fire demons, a bolt of crackling 

Special Rules embers flying close by your face. 
Any character may target snow rock 
B with any ability with  or  
solely to  or  it as if it were a 
figure, so long as it remains adjacent to 
the other snow rock.

Section Links
If snow rock B is moved such that it 
is no longer adjacent to the stalagmite, 
read 178.4.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
175



 176.1 • Gaps in the Road (74)  176.2 • Radiant Dust (119)

Conclusion place should now prove equally useful Conclusion
The corpse of the Algox and the in tracking down his lair,” Lihrey says. With your path finally clear, you reach 
devastation left behind are all the signs “We’ll need a different boat, and there your destination. In the heart of a wood 
you need to know that the Fish King has may be some swimming involved, but I’ve grows a massive pine. From its branches, 
beaten you to the final piece of the scale. got a few contraptions that should help like waves of sunlight, falls the powder. 
He has all of them now, and his threats with that as well. Let’s get to it!” The Infuser circles the pine making notes 
about destroying Frosthaven echo in your in a field book, pressing needles between 
mind as you return home. You give Lihrey the pages.
the grim news, and he quickly arrives at Rewards
the same conclusion you made: the Fish Gain one random item blueprint. “Of course! The powder is a kind of 
King must be stopped at all costs. pollen,” they say. “Yet I’ll need to take 

New Scenario: samples of the core, study its growth 
“Luckily, the instruments I made to Infiltrating the Lair 75 pattern, track the seasonal vicissitudes…” 
track down the fragments in the first They continue on, speaking to themself. 

Once you begin to take your leave, they 
finally notice you again. “Apologies! My 
dear friend, I must thank you. As you can 

 176.3 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128) see, this will preoccupy me for some time. 
Please, accept these gifts in return for 

Nits and Narb argue over minute details your efforts in collecting the dust. I hope 
you couldn’t name if you tried, each they will prove as useful to you as your 
saying the other is clearly wrong and assistance has been for me.”
looking everywhere but at each other. A 
stranger chimes in, and that’s when you You gladly take the supplies and clasp 
notice most of The Crater seems to now hands warmly with the Infuser in fond 
be invested in this tale. You also notice farewell.
Derrick staring at you, smiling.

A chair drags across the floor, and Nits Rewards
gets up to relieve himself. Spend any remaining dust to gain 

Special Rules the following:
“Anyway,” Narb continues, “like I was Connect tile 1-A as shown. All 
saying, it only got worse. Apparently, characters gain , , and . Spend seven (once only):  
nobody noticed the Abaeli rowing up on “Scepter of Control” 203 .
an iceberg until it landed to the north. The 
fish folk came whispering ill will. You Section Links Spend one: Any 1 material resource
could actually see it, the words heavy and At the start of initiative 67 read 
black, slithering through the air and into 172.2. Spend two: Any 1 herb resource
our mercenaries’ ears.”

 176.4 • Funeral for the Winter Fallen

Ever since the Deathwalker decided to fear that the morose proceedings will just And then somebody brings out the alcohol, 
improve the graveyard, they work on worsen the mood on an otherwise nice and and pretty soon the whole town is singing 
it tirelessly, expanding the grounds to sunny day. But, as the burials commence, and crying and laughing together until 
make room for each body individually the guards begin sharing warming the sun sets. It is quite the cathartic 
and making headstones to properly anecdotes about those who passed, and the experience, and when people finally start 
commemorate the fallen. The work slowed mood turns almost celebratory. shuffling home, still telling each other 
significantly in the winter as the ground their favorite anecdotes, the Deathwalker 
froze solid, and now that the weather is “Remember that time Deke tried to light still sits among the graves, smiling softly.
beginning to thaw a bit, there is a lot of his fire arrow and ended up setting his 
time to make up for. trousers on fire instead? That boy knew “They’re finally at peace.”

nothing when he got here, but by the time 
The Deathwalker organizes a service to the end came for him, fighting off three 
inter all of those who fell over the course Lurkers at once, he had grown into quite Rewards
of the winter, and you decide to attend. You the admirable warrior.” Gain 2 morale.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
176



 177.1 • Collapsing Vent (98)  177.2 • Infiltrating the Lair (75)

Conclusion You appear to have found the Abael 
You burst free from the exit, gulping treasury, which you discover is protected 
down fresh, crisp air. The mountain gives by Ice Demons. Why are there so many 51
a last rumble as it settles itself, sealing demons in the castle, and how is the Fish 
the facility under a permanent blanket of King controlling them? What are they 
rock and snow. You’re certain whatever protecting here?
forgotten activity they were doing down 20 55
there is now never to see the light of day.

Section Links
Rewards The first time a hallway is blocked, 
Gain 1 prosperity. read 167.3.

4

 177.3 • Old Coin  177.4 • Care Package from 

The pile you’ve stuck your hand in has a As you enter the main gates of Frosthaven, “Friends,” the note says. “My tribe had a 
wet, oily feel. Best not to think about how you can’t help but notice the giant pile of bountiful harvest this year, praise Geryuu. 
it got that way. You wipe off a few coins food sitting just outside in the snow. I remembered how difficult the winters 
you discover but none feature the special could be in Frosthaven, and so decided to 
markings you’re looking for. “A group of Algox brought it by,” a guard share some of our crop with you. Be well, 

explains. “Said they was friends of yours, and stay safe.”
but Olmstead was suspicious. He said to 

Rewards wait until you got back.”
The looting character gains X gold, Rewards
where X is how much gold one You inspect the pile and find a crudely Gain 3 morale.
money token is worth at L+1. written note from the Snowdancer on a 

bark parchment.

 177.5 • My Private Empire (107)  177.6 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

Conclusion You move to investigate the sagging Special Rules
You flee the room, scramble up the stairs snow, and, well, you’re not sure what Whenever any figure enters E 
and arrive, panting, back at the courtyard you were expecting to happen, but the (including the character occupying or 
above. whole area gives way, sending you on adjacent to it now), immediately place 

a familiar trajectory back down into their figure in M or the closest empty 
“I see that your feet are tired,” the voice the darkness, crashing on a family of hex to it.
rings out. “A pity. Still, I implore you— boulders. Once you gather your pride, you 
remember the name Ventillion! look around and realize your blundering 

may have actually had a positive impact. 
“Oh, and as thanks for attending my party, You destroyed some boulders that were 
please accept this humble gift.” blocking a passage that seems promising.

A stone door swivels in a carved alcove, 
and a burgundy velvet sack embroidered # 3
in gold thread with the letter “V” appears 
on the plate.

Rewards M
Gain any X collective material 
resources, where X is the number D
of episodes overcome.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
177



 178.1 • Mysterious Crate  178.2 • Hall of Revelry Built

The alarm bell rings in the middle of the The Hall of Revelry proudly rises two “We are worshipers of His Impermanence 
night. An attack? stories from the bedrock of Frosthaven. Tholos, the Granter of Favors, the 

Its construction was completed nearly Balanced Aesther. You, too, can be 
You rush out of your longhouse and down overnight, and the craftsmanship is granted the gifts he offers.” He sits, legs 
to the dock, strapping on weapons as superb. Blue-cloaked Valraths stream crossed, on a comfortable-looking blue 
you run. There, just past the craftsman’s in and out at all hours and shipments of pillow. “It was not long ago that my 
shop and butting up against the jetty, is supplies arrive like clockwork to support brethren were worshiping the false idol 
an unknown ship with tattered sails. Two the inhabitants. A thick, sweet-smelling of Bastian. ‘The Blood God’, as he called 
dockworkers are wrestling the lines to fog rolls out the doorway as you approach. himself.” He takes a long draw from his 
keep it from being pulled back into the bay. tea, then smiles, clarity washing over his 

“Welcome, friends. Have you come to face. “But now we know the truth. It was 
A roar erupts from the ship—Ice Wraiths learn of the divinity of the Aesthers?” The right to worship the Aesthers—all seeing, 
are swelling around the mast. The whole Valrath standing before you looks well-fed immortal, with power beyond measure. 
ship pulses with demonic energy. and eager to make your acquaintance. You But not all Aesthers are equal, and not all 

inquire about your recently retired party deserve our reverence.”
And then you spot them: there, on the member. “Oh, yes—we thank your friend 
deck. Crates, sealed with thick black tar. for their contributions to enlightenment. 

Would you, too, like to embrace the divine? Section Links
But oh—where are my manners? Please, If  AESTHER, read 153.2 now. 

Rewards come in. Come in!”  He invites you into Otherwise, read 196.1 now.
New Scenario: Derelict Freighter 127  the grand hall behind him, where other 
You must play this scenario next. Valraths are sharing a pot of tea featuring 

the thick scent of boiled snowthistle.

 178.3 • Job Posting

The sound of the alarm bell has your After a moment he straightens up, then They thump their fists to their chests in 
group rushing to the wall in a dead sprint. continues in a billowing voice: “Our clan reverence as you exit the gate. “Thank 
You take the rickety steps up the guard comes in peace, and we have heard stories you, warriors. Our people have been 
tower two at a time, but the last step of your vanquishment of Algox who attack abused at the hands of a neighboring 
reveals a guard looking confused more and rob their neighbors!” tribe, run by Vanjal, an Algox who has 
than concerned. He points down to three taken to celebrating his own vanity 
Algox bundled in cloaks outside the gate. If they are a threat, they’re certainly a through incessant tithings. Our people risk 
As you move to draw your weapons, one sorry one—while it looks like their furs starvation just to keep him appeased. Will 
of them waves. were once beautiful examples of Algox you help us?”

handiwork, they’re now in disrepair. The 
“We seek the assistance of your warriors!” Algox themselves look malnourished at 
The Algox in the center shouts up the best. You agree to meet them outside the Rewards
battlements. An older female Algox walls of Frosthaven, if only to confirm New Scenario: A Contained Fire 89
touches his arm, and he bends low to there’s nothing to be concerned about.
make it easier for her to whisper in his ear. 

 178.4 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

You push away the boulder to reveal a 
small area that looks to have experienced 2
a recent cave in. You spot a corpse half-
buried in the rubble.

Special Rules
Goal 3

Don't change anything on the map 
other than adding the "Goal 3" 5
treasure tile and $.

# $
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

178



 179.1 • Crain’s Expedition  179.2 • The Eternal Crave (122)

The salvage team you sent to the You thought you could sneak past the 
Unfettered complex returns near the end sleeping polar bears, but a Snow Imp 
of the day, hauling sleds full of metal has other plans, flying toward you and 
automatons and ancient manuscripts in shrieking. You’re so close to the main 
various states of disrepair. chamber of the cavern system now, but D

there are so many creatures between you 
Crain is disappointed to have had his and the other side–and they’re all 
materials moved from their original excited at the prospect  
location and declares a good deal of the of dinner.
spoils unfit for study, tossing them from 3 C
the sleds as mere scrap. A few minutes 
later, though, he finds some unexpected 
bauble buried among the components and 
is back to his exuberant self.

Special Rules
Door 4 is now locked.

Rewards 5
Gain 5 collective . 
 Section Links
Return one  card to the town When door 5 is opened, read  
guard deck.  145.1. 

 179.3 • Allya’s Room  179.4 • The Tempus Forge (106)

You rush into the barracks and turn Conclusion Unfortunately, you lack any method of 
over Allya’s room looking for evidence. With the blacksmith dead, you can only opening the mold, so you’re forced to pry it 
Unfortunately, there’s little more than hope that you are able to operate the forge open, cracking the entire apparatus as you 
some letters from back home and a pouch correctly. You first melt down the alloy do. But you are able to retrieve your key. It 
of snowthistle and spirit sap. You push into a shimmering liquid that seems to shimmers with power as you hold it.
past her in the doorway to head back to reflect light in a rainbow of colors. The 
Tarro’s burned-out cabin and meet with alloy looks cold, like a mirror, even as You seal the forge up tight with your new key 
the demon before sundown. it melts in the heat. Once done, you lock when you depart, leaving it to rest in peace.

the mold into place and let the forge’s 
mechanisms do their work, slowly pouring 

Section Links the melted alloy into the mold before Rewards
Read 88.2 now. lowering it down into a pool of cold water. Gain “Key of Seasons” 213 .

 179.5 • Metal Shipment  179.6 •  Retires

A stern knock on your longhouse door You find the Pain Conduit in your Conduit gathers a dark energy into a 
reveals a man with skin as thick as leather. longhouse, tracing strange shapes in the ball between their outstretched, clawed 
He tips his hat, then asks you to sign for a air with their fingers and muttering to fingers, and then the ball engulfs their 
delivery as two men unload his wagon. themself. "The pain, yes, I feel it... It body. "I must go to it! It calls to me!" The 

is coming into focus." They suddenly dark energy around them flashes again, 
“Told you I’d come back around with those convulse in agony and the air in front of and then, suddenly, the Pain Conduit is 
materials you ordered. The pass is brutal, them flashes with a dark energy. Before nowhere to be found.
but the gains are sweet.” long, they are laughing with a wild look in 

their eyes. 
 Rewards

Rewards "Bwahaha, yes! There it is! I have never Add event WR-32 to the winter 
Gain 2 collective  and  felt something so... INTENSE!" The Pain road deck. 
5 collective .

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
179



 180.1 • Great Dallum

Frosthaven is bubbling over with look at anything more than his bald head. as though he’s rushing to get through 
excitement. The streets are cleared, the People offer numerous gifts: painted hides, his duties. Before you have a chance to 
feast prepared, and the citizenry has fine woods, and, of course, gold. Each is answer, he asks if there’s a donation you’d 
shown up in their best clothes to meet the graciously accepted then spirited away by like to make for his blessing of sight.
Great Dallum, the most powerful seer the the Great Dallum’s handlers into a wagon 
world has ever known. for transport.

Section Links
He arrives right on time, stepping through When it’s finally your turn he sets a soft If you make a donation to the Great 
the gate with a small entourage at his hand on your shoulder and looks at you Dallum, read 122.4 now.  
side, to cheering, music, and fanfare. with piercing green eyes. “What’s your Otherwise, read 120.5 now.
The crowd bunches up around him and name, mercenary?” His booming voice 
it’s some time before you can even get a carries and he speaks at a quick clip, 

 180.2 • Accuse Cecil  180.3 • Job Posting

A portal opens beside the prince and he which necessitates compensation—I know Glint, the Inox records-keeper at the town 
yanks Cecil through it into the room: “Did all too well the consequences of leaving an hall, is leaning back in his chair and 
you kill Tarro?” open-ended favor.” He plucks a blood-red throwing a rubber ball against the wall. 

gem off his scepter and hands it to you. He sees you and rises with all of the speed 
A terrified Cecil nods in fear. “Sorry, I was Flecks of light swirl inside, and it feels too of a bureaucrat who knows no one else 
just trying to get back my Oak Charm and heavy for its size. would be willing to take this job in the 
our winnings, but he put up a fight…” middle of the frozen north. He flips open 

“I trust that will be sufficient. Our work a ledger.
The demon prince gives a malicious here concludes. Enjoy your silly town.” 
smile. “And I take it the fire was just to And with that, he drags Cecil through a “Name?” He knows your names, he’s just 
cover your tracks?” Cecil nods, trying portal back to his home plane. difficult. You comply, which does little 
to be as helpful as possible under the more than get a raised eyebrow. “Really? 
circumstances. Huh, could’ve sworn you were taller. 

Rewards Unless you’re shrinking.” Glint licks a 
The prince nods sympathetically, then Gain 1 prosperity. finger, revealing a golden tooth as he turns 
turns to you. “It seems you’ve assisted me, Gain “Demon’s Gem” 240 . the page.

He shuffles some papers, further wasting 
your time. After what feels like an 
unacceptable wait, he passes a bounty 

 180.4 • Abandoned Hideout (136) across the table. “Three reports of oozes.” 
You reach to grab the paper, but he holds 

The damp, swollen door opens with a loud, it down with his thumb, looking you in 
rusty creak to reveal a dank pirate’s den. the eye. “Unreliable. Don’t get your hopes 
Under a layer of cobwebs, you see shelves up. The report says it ate a sheep, probably 
filled with gold and other valuables, but just a lazy farmer who miscounted.” Glint 
you see movement in the shadows as well. releases the page and goes back to his 
The old pirate crew might be dead,  rubber ball, settling into his chair with a 
but they’re still determined to  thump.
protect their treasures. 2

As you take the bounty details you steal 
a glance at the original report—it doesn’t 
say the ooze ate “a sheep”, it says it ate “a 
herd of sheep”. This might be more than 

83 you bargained for.

Rewards
New Scenario:
Here There Be Oozes 84

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
180



 181.1 • Tome of Time

You walk into the crowded library carrying face and starts again, much more calmly: that means. “Looks like it has finite power, 
the book with a metal cover and an “Ahem. Sorry… what I meant to say is how would you like me to cast it?”
embedded hourglass you found in a far-off that the library is closing a bit early today 
cave. The eager resident librarian Eddica as I have some research work to do.” She 
locks eyes with you, then looks to it, then assists a few final citizens with checking Section Links
back to you. She uncontrollably blurts, out books and hurries them out the door. If you ask her to cast all of the spell’s 
“EVERYBODY OUT! Magic time!” The power on a single party member, choose 
patrons look startled and confused. With the metal-clad book in hand she the character and read 107.2 now.

dives right in: “A time manipulation spell. 
Eddica looks surprised at her own outburst Ingenious… it hitches you to an earlier If you ask her to cast it on the entire 
and straightens her skirt nervously. She point in time, allowing the benefits of the party, read 191.1 now.
pushes her red-rimmed glasses up her past without being winded!” Sure, whatever 

 181.2 • HE-RO-IC-S  181.3 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

HE-RO-IC-S is eager to get started once Another weak wall, another passage 
you sail into port. It wouldn’t stop talking created by brute force. And, yes, another 
the entire trip back. corpse, half-buried under a pile of rubble.

“THIS IS TO BE MY NEW HOME?” 2 @
It hovers out over the town, vibrating 
with excitement. “I WILL SCAN FOR A 
SUITABLE HOUSING UNIT...”

Section Links Goal 3

If building 88 is built, read 135.4 5
now. Otherwise, read 33.1 now.

# $

 181.4 • The Lady in White (86)  181.5 • The Dancing Iceberg (131)

The last tree crashes to the ground, and, They just won’t stop coming! A group of the same direction. You might need to 
with nowhere else to flee to, the Lady in Lurkers clamber up the iceberg, but this throw some bodies off of this rock to help 
White emerges. The guard’s description is time, they are smart enough to attack from balance things out.
horribly accurate: bloody sockets where 
her eyes should be, and clad all in white. 
She lets out a soul-wrenching scream that Special Rules
makes you want to run and hide under Spawn the following monsters at the listed locations based on character count:
your bed, but you gather your courage and 
attack. Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

D: One normal  D: One elite  D: One elite  
Special Rules Lurker Soldier. Lurker Soldier. Lurker Solider. 
Spawn one elite Ice Wraith at any E: One elite  E: One elite  E: One elite  
empty hex the last destroyed tree Lurker Mindsnipper. Lurker Mindsnipper. Lurker Mindsnipper. 
occupied. This is the Lady in White. It C: One normal  
has HxC hit points. Lurker Soldier.

Section Links
At the start of the seventh round, read 

185.1.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
181