122.1 • Sacred Soil (69)  122.2 • Shoreline Scramble (91)

The trees grow closer, thrust up into the Conclusion
sky as if groping skeletal hands, and the At last you reach the end of the cliff and 
vines twist into the thick knots, making are able to scramble up the slope to safety. 
progress painful and tricky. Barely any Below, on the beach, the Lurkers hiss and 
light reaches the forest floor making it F clack their claws, angry that their quarry 
easy to be turned around in  has escaped. Beyond them, the storm that 
this maze of thorns and beasts. F came up so suddenly is at last playing 

itself out. It has died down to just a few 
splatters of rain and the odd gust of wind.

You hear voices from behind nearby 
bushes. Cautiously approaching, you see 
Rattusca holding out her hand as a pair 

D D of bedraggled sailors count coins into her 
palm.

Noticing your approach, she turns. “That 
was quite the run. But I knew you were 
going to make it. In fact, I bet on it!”

 122.3 • Decisive Action

You stare angrily at her. Surely she could 
An Algox messenger appears at the main remote cave in the Copperneck Mountains have helped even the odds in your battle 
gate, handing off a message from Chief where Lanprul will be 28 . You also note, with the Lurkers. “Don’t be so cross. Like 
Lanprul of the Snowspeakers addressed however, the position of the spire Denpang I said, it was obvious you would succeed 
to you. will be attacking 29 . She did demand and you did, so it’s all water under the 

your aid if you wanted to remain in their boat. Besides, we’ve got a bit of a journey 
“Warriors, the time has come. The peace good graces. You must decide which to get back to Frosthaven, so let’s all be 
summit has been arranged, and we would course of action is best. friendly and work together.”
be grateful for your attendance. Denpang is 
making the final preparations for her assault 
on the Icespeaker spires, which will only lead Rewards Rewards
to further suffering. We must end this now.” New Scenarios: Summit Meeting 28 , Gain 2 collective .  

War of the Spire A 29 Gain 1 morale.
Accompanying the message is a map to a 

 122.4 • Great Dallum  122.5 • The Savvas Seal (63)

 EDUCATED:  Special Rules
Read 120.5 instead. From  now on, in addition to starting At the start of each listed round, spawn 

with  and gaining disadvantage, all the following monsters at the listed 
The Great Dallum accepts your generous monsters add -1  to all their attacks, locations based on character count:
gift, whispering words of kindness into and all characters and character 
your ear. It’s not perfectly applicable, but summons add +1  to all their attacks.
as a metaphor there really is something to 
what he says. Yes, you get it now... this has Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
some very practical applications, really. 
This changes everything. 11 B: One elite B: One elite B: One elite 

Savvas Lavaflow. Savvas Lavaflow. Savvas Lavaflow.  
Rewards E: One normal E: One elite  

Earth Demon. Earth Demon.
Lose any 3 collective resources. 
Gain 2 inspiration. 12 B: One elite B: One elite B: One elite 
 Savvas Icestorm. Savvas Icestorm. Savvas Icestorm. 
Do not resolve an outpost event this E: One normal E: One elite  
week. Frost Demon. Frost Demon.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
122



 123.1 • Black Memories (121)

In the underground lair, steam and oil “You are not welcome here!” she yells at Special Rules
foment a noxious atmosphere. Your lost you. “This is your last chance to leave and From now on (including now), any 
companion stands limply beside a tall, let me finish my work.” figure that enters A or B on tile 
hulking form: a giant, mechanical suit 10-B is immediately placed in the 
full of tubes and gears... and rats. They’re When you don’t, knowing you can’t, corresponding A or B hex on tile 
everywhere, swarming between the gears, she puts both hands on either side of the 15-C or the closest empty hex. There 
perched in the joints. And in the middle helmet, concentrating. At the command, is no line-of-sight between tiles 10-B 
of the suit, shielded by a glass dome, the rat-powered suit takes a grinding step. and 15-C, but figures can find focus 
stands the Mindthief, wearing her power- And your mind-controlled companion between the tiles. No figure can 
enhancing helmet. stirs, lurching toward you. teleport between the tiles.

Place the mind-controlled character in 
C and their summons in empty hexes 

A B closest to them.

All Vermling Scouts set up in this 
room use the stat card of Polar Bears 
instead of their own, but still use the 
Scout monster ability deck.

The Steel Automaton is the 
Augmented Mindthief. It has Hx(C-1) 

C hit points but no innate shield.

Section Links
When the Augmented Mindthief is 
reduced to at most half its maximum 
hit point value (rounded down),  
read 108.3.

Return to 100.1 to reference its 
special rules, if necessary.

 123.2 • Vermling Siege  123.3 • Relief Effort (40)

“FOOOD! FOOOOOOOD!” the Special Rules
Vermlings’ war cry isn’t exactly poetry, Place one fallen Algox Archer in C.
but you get the point. You draw your 
weapons and bash your way toward 
the town’s gate, suffering a few bites 
in the process. Archers in Frosthaven’s 
gatehouses pepper your attackers as best 41
they can, trying to clear a path for you to 
get to the safety of the wall. As you run 
you see a team of Vermlings preparing 
their catapult for another attack on the 
town. You change course and charge up 
the hill toward the siege weapon. You 
dispatch the siege team quickly, but the 
swarm is close on your heels. C

Section Links 2
If  HUMAN, read 12.3 now. 
Otherwise, read 137.3 now.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
123



 124.1 • Puzzle Solution

“Splendid,” Crain says without any hint of wisps of greenish vapor rise from the set of coordinates for a place to start.”  
irony. You are standing several dozen feet stonework and coalesce around the lamp. He hands you a note that simply reads 
below ground in a nearly lightless crypt 3M-1L-7A.
and all around lie piles of recently slain “There,” Crain says. “This is what the 
undead. “Really marvelous.” researchers were investigating, a divergent You then watch as Crain pulls on a thick, 

energy that lingered—still lingers, oversized leather glove and, moving quickly, 
When you returned to Crain to make a apparently—in certain parts of the North. tries to snuff the lamp. However, when he 
report on this “death site”, the Quatryl I’m still working through the notes but, reaches down, the green vapor attacks his 
asked so many questions that you decided from what I’ve read, this energy always gloved hand and tears at it with angry spectral 
it was easier to just show him. Ten minutes reacts to the burning of a particular teeth, taking out several visible chunks. 
down here, and the Quatryl has already solution and it always triggers certain,” he As soon as the light is out, Crain rips the 
pocketed a hunk of stone wall, two vials nods at the pile of undead bodies, “unusual glove off and flings it to the far corner of the 
of dirt, a glob of imp residue, a square of phenomenon.” Crain puts his lamp down room, where it smolders a greenish smoke.
matted fur, and a handful of loose teeth. and the green vapor begins to build, 
Only once his pockets are bulging with swirling around it like a tiny storm. “Satha might be needing a new pair of 
dusty remains does the scholar stop and gloves soon.”
explain. “Logren and her team theorized that the 

energy was the result of war fought long 
“These bodies,” he says, “confirm Logren’s ago in the North. This crypt lies on one of Rewards
theory about this place. Now, I simply need the major battlegrounds.” The green storm New Scenario: Haunted Vault 17
to repeat her experiment and we’ll know circling his lamp gets bigger by the second.  
for certain.” Crain unties a small storm Do not turn to the next page in 
lantern from his pack and, after adding a “In order to understand the nature of the the puzzle book. Instead write the 
dram of odd-smelling oil to the reservoir, energy, we’ll need to investigate the other solution to the next puzzle on the 
lights it. The flame catches and burns an sites. There should be a few more points same page.
eerie green and, the instant it’s lit, several along the northern coast. I’ll give you a  

 124.2 • Bolt (133)  124.3 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

You depress the plates, and the cogs Amidst the snoring, everyone sits around Special Rules
around the metal door spin. There is a recapping the events and drawing No turns are performed this round, 
creak, and then the whole contraption themselves in closer to your table. Eros, and no monster or character reveals or 
opens inward, revealing the long-missed on the other hand, writes down a few more plays any cards. All characters recover 
daylight. You are almost out of here. lines, adjusts its scarf, and then heads off up to three of their lost ability cards 

to find Nits. and collectively recover any C items. 
Special Rules All figures perform  L, self. Shuffle 

“Quite the adventure, my new friends,” all monster ability decks, and shuffle 
Open both doors 3. Derrick holds up his pint with a winking the twelve numbered tokens face-

nod as more mugs are brought to the table. down next to the map, but do not draw 
Each A is an escape hex. “You know, I am actually in the market for any this round. Then relocate door 4 

some mercenaries. Assuming you’re half to B. If there are any figures, tokens, 
as good as these fellows claim, well, we or overlay tiles in B, place them in 
should talk—with sober minds, of course. the closest viable hex.

A A A See—”
Each character swaps places with 

“Not now, Dirk,” Nits stumbles his wiry another character, such that no 
A A frame back to his seat, cutting off the character occupies the same hex they 

nobleman. “Where were we?” occupied at the start of the round.

34 “Apparently, we left off during nap time,” 
someone in the back jokes. Section Links

At the start of the sixth round, read  
“Narb!” Nits gives his brother a whack, 139.1.
but the snoring continues. Nits shrugs and 
picks up the story anyway. “Right, even 

3 3 the beasties were tuckered out, and we all 
decided to call a truce...”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
124



 125.1 • Portal of Pain  125.2 • Lurker Necromancy (118)

The portal looks unstable, but you really With the undead dead for good this time, Another turn and you see them: Lurkers 
don’t want to meet what’s up above that you enter the tunnel. Seeing how its sides blocking the tunnel. Before them totter 
leg. With a headlong leap you’re back on are carved in great, uneven gashes, you their enthralled minions, another group of 
sturdy tundra, a crackling portal behind begin to suspect the identity of the diggers. amulet-powered undead. The Lurkers urge 
you. You hear the Pain Conduit shout from That suspicion is confirmed when a sound them straight toward you.
the other side. reaches you. Multiple legs skitter, claws 

snap open and closed. “First corpses,” 
“Stop!” the Pain Conduit yells to the giant. mutters the Boneshaper. “Now crabs.” Section Links
“I feel the suffering that overwhelms you! When door 2 is opened, read  
I can help!” The metal monstrosity ignores 118.2.
them, instead pushing a finger through 
the portal toward the tundra on your side. 
Thankfully, it can’t get more than a single 
digit through… until it pulls at the edge, 
tearing the portal skyward like ripped paper.

It steps through with a colossal footfall, 
the purple tear snapping shut behind. It’s 
in your world now, lumbering toward 
Frosthaven.

Rewards
All characters start the next 
scenario with . 

2
New Scenario: The Titan 123   
You must play this scenario now. 1

 125.3 • Work Freeze (114)  125.4 • Black Memories (121)

Conclusion Conclusion my people turned into this diabolical 
“Marvelous! Outstanding! Oh, it’s After a final blow, the mind control helmet obsession. I just wanted to change what 
beautiful!” Pinter Droman stands at the releases a blaze of energy which sweeps everyone thought of us.”
site with a work crew behind him. “I the rats away and knocks you and the 
couldn’t have hoped for a better result!” Mindthief’s armored suit to the ground. She lapses into thought, and at her 

You raise yourself and run over to the quietude, a few of the rats from her 
The tinkerer gushes like this for a while, downed suit, where you find the Mindthief suit scurry over. She lures them onto 
racing around gleefully to inspect the behind the glass dome, struggling to her shoulders with bits of bread from 
stability of various parts of the site, which remove the cracked helmet from her head. her pockets. “I suppose I don’t have to 
is now a mostly clear slab of flat rock control opinions quite so literally, do I?” 
connecting the two sides of the valley. You offer to help, but she resists, jumping Giving you one last look of both suspicion 
“We’ll need to dig quite a bit to make it out of the suit and gazing in dismay at and reluctant gratitude, she approaches 
ready, of course, but no need to concern the smoking wreckage. With a ferocious the other Vermling. As she speaks to 
yourselves there. I’ll be certain to send for scowl she rounds on you. “Look at what them, drawing them in using her natural 
you when we reach the next phase!” you’ve done! Look at –” she breaks off as magnetism rather than any evil genius 

a myriad of Vermling faces peer from the tech, you suspect she will now use these 
shadows. Vermlings who, because she’d powers for good. Perhaps that will be 

Rewards mind-controlled them, are afraid of her. enough to make a difference for her 
Gain 5 collective . “– look at what I’ve done,” she finishes, people.

mortified.

Section Links Letting her cracked helmet clatter to Rewards
Add 86.1 to the calendar in four the ground, she sighs. “In truth, I didn’t Gain 2 morale.
weeks. intend for my experiment to go this far. 

Somehow my passion for advocating for 
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

125



 126.1 • Low Morale  126.2 • Harrower Library (101)

The weight of the outpost’s history sits Zu swarms into position at the center of insects. “We are ready to acccepttt the 
heavy across the inhabitants. People the room and expands into a cloud of knowledggge.”
shuffle from place to place listlessly, 
not making eye contact. Rations have 
diminished to emergency levels and the Special Rules
patchwork roofing that is all-too-common A represents Zu, an ally to you and an Numbered tokens 4-$ can be looted 
in Frosthaven starts a descent into the enemy to all monsters, but that cannot be as normal, and when each one is, create 
unmaintained. The people are cold, hungry, interacted with in any way. They are not one  trap in the closest empty hex.
and beginning to turn on one another. affected by any non-swarm traps or terrain.

After all swarms move, Zu performs  
Mayor Satha pulls the shivering populace Whenever any goal treasure tile is looted,  2, focusing on moving toward and 
together in the center of town. She carries create one  trap in the closest empty occupying the closest hex with a swarm. 
a crowbar in her hand. hex. These represent swarms, which If Zu ever occupies a hex with a swarm, 

cannot be destroyed. At the end of each the swarm is absorbed and removed from 
“We’ve seen a hard season. But where round, each swarm moves two hexes the map.
there is great darkness, so too is there toward Zu through any featureless hexes. 
light.” She deftly knocks the side off a 
crate beside her, showcasing a bounty of 
resources.

“I’ve been setting aside some supplies 
for this day. A sort of last stand for 
Frosthaven. But this is the last of it—there 2
is no other fallback. I can’t guarantee 
we’ll be here tomorrow, but the ice isn’t 7
taking us today.”

Perhaps it’s the smiles in the crowd, but 
you feel a warmth in the cold air.

8
Rewards 1 A
Gain 5 morale. Collectively gain 
any 6 material resources. 9
Lose 1 prosperity.

Section Links 6
Cross out 126.1 on the morale 
track and replace it with 155.3. If 3
your morale reaches 0 again, read this 
new section.

 126.3 • Scrap Pit (35)  126.4 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

“These should do nicely!” Crain throws Special Rules Refreshing water weaves its way down the 
more broken contraptions into his bag. Crain’s current goal is now debris E. smooth edges of this rock wall. You take a 
“Yes, with these, you see, we could set up drink and are refreshed.
a feedback loop and increase the intensity At the start of every round, instead 
of...” He trails off, staring into the dark of spawning Ruined Machines, now 
with intent. spawn one Spitting Drake at G. It is Special Rules

normal for two or three characters, or Whenever any character ends their 
“Is that a...” He trails off again, rushing elite for four characters. move ability adjacent to A (including 
toward the final pile. now), they gain .

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
126



 127.1 • Puzzle Solution

“Oh how things change,” Crain says. You’re lantern, whirling like a miniature storm. sites. There should be a few more points 
back at the abandoned temple, standing in along the northern coast. I’ll give you a 
the hall of worship, the floor full of broken “There’s your bit of strange,” Crain says. set of coordinates for a place to start.” He 
glass and cold, split metal. Crain bends “And it confirms Logren’s notes. This is a hands you a note that simply reads 3M-1L-
down, picks up a severed mechanical hand, death-site.” He steps back and the both of 7A.
then a foot, and stuffs both into his pack. you watch the vapor build.

You then watch as Crain pulls on the glove 
“Research,” he says and wanders off. “This is what the researchers were and, moving quickly, tries to snuff the 
When you returned to Crain to make a investigating, a divergent energy that lamp. However, when he reaches down, 
report on this “death site”, the Quatryl lingered—still lingers, apparently—in the green vapor attacks his gloved hand 
asked so many questions that you decided certain parts of the North. I’m still and tears at it with angry spectral teeth, 
it was easier to just show him. working through the notes but, from taking out several visible chunks. As soon 

what I’ve read, this energy always reacts as the light is out, Crain rips the glove off 
“So besides trying to kill you,” Crain to the burning of a particular solution and flings it to the far corner of the room, 
asks, “were the machines doing anything and it always triggers certain,” he clears where it smolders a greenish smoke.
strange?” He’s moving between the four his throat, “unusual phenomenon.” The 
darkened pillars, plucking up little bits of Quatryl digs in his pack and pulls out a “Satha might be needing a new pair of 
broken machinery. heavy, oversized leather glove. gloves soon.”

When you can’t think of anything, Crain “Logren and her team theorized that the 
pours a dram of odd-smelling oil into energy was the result of a great war fought Rewards
his lamp and, using a torch and a bit of long ago in the North. This temple, or the New Scenario: Crackling Tunnel 31
kindling, lights the lantern, but its flame mountain the temple was built in, was the  
is a bright emerald green. As soon as it site of a major battle.” The yellow storm Do not turn to the next page in 
flickers to life, the room begins to react. circling his lamp gets bigger by the second. the puzzle book. Instead write the 
Thin wisps of yellow vapor, much like solution to the next puzzle on the 
what was in the central orb, leak from “In order to understand the nature of the same page.
the temple walls and coalesce around the energy, we’ll need to investigate the other 

 127.2 • Elemental Cores (66)  127.3 • Prison Break (99)

As recommended by the Aesther at the Still, you feel blinded and it takes a The heavy door to the prison swings open, 
portal, you close your eyes as you step moment to adjust. Though, with Sun but rather than a typical cell, there’s just a 
through, the searing brightness somewhat Demons approaching, you’re not sure you single wooden box on a pedestal. Before 
dulled by the protection of your eyelids. have a moment. you can retrieve it, you hear the heavy 

thud of stone feet shuffling in the room.

Special Rules
Open door 1.

Goal

1 Goal

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
127



 128.1 • Tower of Knowledge (134)  128.2 • Crain’s Recovery

3 You have been lucky—luckier than “My stalwart friend!” He bows without 
most—to have never spent more than getting up. “Come to check on your 
a few nights inside a gaoler’s cage. Of rescued ward? What chivalry! And 
course, there have been times when your perfect timing, I might add. As you can 
temper’s gotten the better of you, when tell, I’ve managed to get in a full night’s 

A you’ve indulged more than was wise, but work.” Crain tries to pull out a book of 
you’ve never been forced to spend night notes, but you stop him, asking him about 
after night, month after month sleeping on his ominous warning concerning the 
a stone floor with nothing to look forward Unfettered.
to but a glimmer of morning light through 
iron-bars. So you can’t really fathom what “Oh, yes, them,” Crain waves his hands 

 128.3 • Collection’s Capstone (88) it’s like to finally be free from prison or dismissively. “Certainly a problem. I 
what a person would do when they finally suppose we are the ones best equipped to 

Conclusion got out, but you doubt they would do this. intervene. I’ve had plenty of time to study 
The Collector wails terribly as its aura them, you see, and I am confident that if 
fades, causing its body to crumble to the Crain Tallengyr, the Quatryl scholar you you bring me back into their facility to 
floor, now nothing more than a heap of rescued from the Unfettered catacombs, scavenge for some materials, I can create a 
lifeless stone. You walk over to the main has transformed his previously clean, device that will deactivate the Unfettered.
console and fiddle with the controls until albeit sparse, room into the cluttered, 
you figure out how to open the rest of the cramped nest of an academic. Somehow “But that,” Crain says pointedly, pulling 
cages. Nothing else should suffer from this between last night and this morning, out his book again, “is not the exciting 
monster’s pursuits. the Quatryl has gathered several books part.” The Quatryl clearly wants to move 

and a large stack of parchment and he’s on from those memories, so you take the 
When you return to Frosthaven, you meet arranged everything on the floor around hint and ask what he’s working on.
up with the sister and her brothers, who him like a flimsy mosaic. Behind him 
made it safely back. They are injured, but is a plate of half-eaten eggs and hard 
they will live and are very grateful for all biscuits and several empty teacups. The Rewards
your help. bed is still made but the top sheet has been New Scenario: Scrap Pit 35

confiscated to sop up a large puddle of ink 
on the floor. His door is open and when 

Rewards you knock on the frame, his face lifts into Section Links
Gain 2 morale. a manic smile. Read 190.4 now.

 128.4 • The Titan (123)  128.5 • Old Coin

You discover levers on the titan’s arms, Special Rules Is that…? Yes! A circular coin with 
which unseals the door into its skull. A The Ice Wraith is the Power Core. It strange markings and a hole clear through 
small maintenance hatch opens onto a has HxC/2 hit points (rounded up). its center. This is one of the mysterious 
cramped set of stairs leading up into the coins Dinah Snapclaw told you to keep an 
cortex. There, you find a whirling ball of eye out for!
energy between interwoven rings, which 
twist at incredible speeds.

Rewards
As you reach for a blunt instrument to 52 Gain “Ancient Coin” 245 .
destroy it, however, a metallic shriek 
resounds. The mind-core has sensed Remove loot card 1419 from the 
you. The rings produce spikes and whir game. No longer add it to any 
alarmingly closer. scenario’s loot deck.

Section Links
Add 185.2 to the calendar in one 
week.

4
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

128



 129.1 • And Then, a Stream (130)  129.2 • Invasion of the Dock (71)

Conclusion You fight your way onto the Cinnabar, a 
You run as fast as you can, laden down boat that simply docked on the wrong day 
with containers, until you can no longer and got caught in the chaos. You find a 
hear the screeching of those awful birds. violent confrontation on the deck between 23
You find a place to rest in a shallow, open the Abaeli and Lurkers. The office is on 
cave and take turns on watch throughout the far side of the boat, but the loading 
the night, just to be safe. plank has been raised, so it’s time to get 

creative. 1
As you rest, your thoughts turn once 
again to the implications of the sun 
agates. There’s an argument to be made Special Rules
for not handing them over to Derrick— Whenever any character starts 
not giving him the means to incite more their turn adjacent to ship mast A, 
Algox aggression. On the other hand, you they may spend 2 movement points 
could make a lot of money, and Derricks’s to swing on the rigging into the A
operations could bring increased harbormaster’s office.
prosperity to the outpost.

Section Links
Section Links The first time a character swings into 
If you chose to return the sun agates the harbormaster’s office, read 111.2.
to Derrick, read 171.5 now. 
Otherwise, read 182.1 now.

 129.3 • The Second Year  129.4 • Temple of Feline Power (132)

While life on the tundra is anything but A blast of heat hits you as you open Special Rules
easy, your time in Frosthaven has earned the door into the main chamber of the Each A is an escape hex.
you a pedigree few could ever touch. temple. Your eyes struggle to adjust to 
You’ve survived in the place where life the resplendent riches, sparkling in the 
is so hostile to your existence that some incredibly intense torchlight. In fact, you Section Links
battered wooden walls are all that stand see the gold on the floor and in the walls Return to 110.2 to reference its 
between you and an icy death. But today, begin to melt in the infernal heat. You’re special rules, if necessary.
with the sun cresting over the mountains not sure how much longer this place will 
and the promise of summer stretching be habitable and decide it is about time  
before you, you can’t help but feel hopeful. to leave.

You’ve tested your strength against 
countless enemies, but you’ve made some 
friends in this pocket of life, too. While 
you don’t know what the next year holds, 
you know this place has earned its name: A
“home.”

A
Rewards A
Add events WO-21 to 47 to the 1
winter outpost deck, events SO-21 
to 35 to the summer outpost deck, A
events WR-21 to 30 to the winter 
road deck, and events SR-21 to 32 A
to the summer road deck.
 
Gain 2 soldiers.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
129



 130.1 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  130.2 • Elemental Cores (66)  130.3 • Job Posting

Another cavern with more unfriendly Conclusion On the docks, you notice a Vermling 
monsters. You see the half-eaten remains You set the last of the elemental cores inside peering down into the water. In one hand 
of some... thing in the corner. Could that its housing and a ringing sound—like from she carries a travel bag; she probably came 
be the husband? Also, the far wall doesn’t a glass bell—resounds through the dome. to Frosthaven on the Lucky Lady, the ship 
look entirely stable. The array comes to life, humming with that just docked. She introduces herself as 

interlaced elemental energies. Rattusca, and gestures down at the water, 
where a corpse is tangled in a line that 

You look to Voice-of-Eight, and find them hangs down from the ship’s bowsprit. The 

1 drained, barely visible on this plane. body looks like it’s been dead for some 
Goal 1 Opening the portals took its toll, and it time; its clothing and armor are rotted 

takes them some time to recover before through. The only thing intact are the wide 
inspecting the newly restored array. gold bracelets around its bony wrists.

“The elemental cores are worn and “Help me haul the body out of the water,” 
misshapen, but they hold potential,” she tells you, “and if you’re interested in 
Voice-of-Eight says, their collective voice getting more of those wristbands, I can tell 
a weak echo in your mind. “We can still you where to find some, so long as you cut 

9 feel their essence and its potential power. me in on the profits.”
Reshaping them will take time, and then 
we will require your aid once again. Every You haul out the body of an Algox. It 
step of this journey drains our strength looks mummified, and has several chunks 
further.” They fall silent, and you take torn out of it, as if some hungry creature 

 130.4 • Old Coin your leave, confident they will contact you tried to feed on its leathery flesh.
again when they are ready.

You kick aside a tattered cloth to spot Rattusca slips the wristbands off the 
them: gold coins. Unfortunately, none corpse. “Just before we reached port, the 
feature the special markings Dinah the Rewards ship struck an iceberg,” she tells you. 
tavern operator told you to look out for. Gain “Elemental Stone” 212 . Note “Fortunately it was a small one, and it 
Too bad, but gold is gold. the corresponding elements of the broke apart. That’s where the body came 

four doors that were opened. from. I saw several more dark shapes inside 
the ice that may have been more bodies.”

Rewards
The looting character gains X gold, Section Links
where X is how much gold one Add 29.3 to the calendar in six Rewards
money token is worth at L+1. weeks. New Scenario: Frozen Treasure 90

 130.5 • Blizzard Island (48)

Through your numerous furs, the wind 
continues to bite at your skin. But still, 
you move forward, wondering what force 
has made this place so inhospitable.

“There is one more part to the legend that I 
hoped wasn’t true,” Denpang turns to you 
with a look of guilt. “A giant, evil beast—
the Render—drove our ancestors from this 
land in ages past. We may need to take it 1 2
back by force.” Well, that answers that.

Section Links
When door 2 is opened, read 31.1.

15
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

130



 131.1 • Xain’s Gambit  131.2 • Fish King’s Ascension (77)

When the third day passes without You land a solid blow and the Fish Special Rules
Xain turning up at The Crater with your King staggers back, his concentration Set the Fish King’s current hit point 
investment proceeds, you know you’ve got momentarily broken. All the chaotic value to three-quarters its maximum 
a problem. You finally corner him at his energies swirling around the chamber are hit point value (rounded up). It is now 
home by the docks. suddenly drawn back into him. Moments immune to damage.

later, his form dematerializes, warping 
“Oh, right—I am so glad that you came into a roiling portal. A gust of wind issues Any figure adjacent to the Fish King 
by! I’ve been looking everywhere for you forth, battering you back. This must be may spend 1 movement point to place 
guys.” He wipes his brow nervously. “So, the realm from which he is drawing his their figure in any empty hex adjacent 
a little bit of a mixup with the polar bear powers. There is nothing to do now but to the glowing orb.
meat. Turns out Lurkers? Really into it. steady yourself and jump in.
But not as into paying with, uh... things of Right now, if  is strong or waning, 
traditional value.” it can immediately be consumed to 

cause one Wind Demon to suffer trap 
He hands you an ill-looking flask. damage.

“Good news is you’re now the proud 
owner of... that. They assured me it’s super Section Links
healthy.” When all Wind Demons are dead,  

read 184.5.

Rewards
Gain “Unhealthy Mixture” 098 .

 131.3 • Collapsing Vent (98)  131.4 • Quatryl Library (26)

Special Rules A pile of broken, battered machine parts 
A When the character who opened door is building up, but you continue to make 

3 exits their hex, tiles 1-F and 11-B sure the steel plate remains clear. You are 
A A begin to collapse. At the end of each hoping this ordeal is almost over when 

round after this happens, all figures a new batch of spindly, persistent robots 
A occupying tiles 1-F or 11-B or door 3 appears from around the bookshelves 

suffer 10. in the back of the room. These too seem 
annoyingly intent on reaching the plate.

Each A is an escape hex.

3 Special Rules
Spawn Ruined Machines as if the 
room were being set up again.

 131.5 • A Contained Fire (89)

You exit the courtyard into the stronghold’s 
main structure. There, you discover the 
corridor to the throne room is full of priests 
intent on protecting their leader.

3 2
Section Links
When door 3 is opened, read  

146.3. Return to 119.2 to 
reference its special rules if necessary.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
131



 132.1 •  Retires  132.2 • A Giant Block of Ice (72)

“I have done all I can do.” You are Cresting the top of the stairs, you see “PERIMETER BREACH DETECTED. 
speaking with the Shattersong outside the entrance. “Hurry,” Lihrey urges with ERADICATION MODE ACTIVATED.” 
the temple of the Great Oak. You never worry in his voice, “We need to get this With its hulking form blocking the exit, 
quite got used to staring into its cold, out of here immediately.” As if on cue, the sentinel’s purpose is clear—prevent 
passive eyes. “My brethren need me. I a large, menacing sentinel descends the theft of the frozen scale.
must return to the greater task.” from the ceiling with a deafening thud. 

You ask what that is and the 
Shattersong looks to the ground. “The Special Rules
Harbinger is held at bay... for now. But Replace all doors 3 with rubble. Set the round track to the first round. 
it will never stop trying to escape. It At the end of the next C-1 even rounds, 
will never leave this world in peace. We Door E is locked, but the ice pillar can replace any one metal cabinet with one 
must always be prepared to thwart its enter it after the elite Steel Automaton normal Steel Automaton.
machinations.” You understand, but it is is dead. 
still hard to see your companion go.  The current slide difficulty is 3.

“Yes, I feel some kinship as well. I 
have learned about many emotions that 
I think my brethren will be interested 
to hear about. In fact, I have composed 
a song of these feelings. Would you 37
like me to sing for you one last time?”

You nod and the Shattersong begins 
bellowing out a haunting moan, full 3
of all the sorrow and joy of life. In as 
many notes, you cycle through dozens 3 E
of emotions as the sound reverberates 
through the cold streets of the outpost. 3
It is absolutely beautiful.

Rewards
Gain 4 inspiration.

 132.3 • Frozen Treasure (90)  132.4 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

Conclusion Narb suddenly darts awake amidst a foul Special Rules
“Just a small finder’s fee,” the Vermling smell, yells, “They came from the ground!” Open door 4 and spawn C elite 
says. “Let’s say, one wristband.” And then rushes off to relieve himself. Vermling Scouts at 4.

As this exchange takes place, the captain “They did?” Nits appears to be All monsters perform  919, self.  
grows increasingly more agitated until he momentarily caught off guard. “Right, C monsters closest to any characters 
begins to yell, “A storm is approaching they did! Vermlings had been crawling gain .
fast! No way to outrun it, so batten down about in the snow, underfoot the whole 
the hatches and pray to the Oak!” time, passing out potions!” The initiative order is reversed this 

round, starting with the highest 
“As in, literally underfoot?” Eros asks, initiative. All characters act before 

Rewards looking to you with believable curiosity. their summons, and all Vermling 
Lose 10 collective gold. Everything is going a little fuzzy for you Scouts act before Abael Scouts.
 at the moment, but it sounds accurate 
New Scenario: enough, so you nod.
Shoreline Scramble 91 Section Links

 
“Please!” Nits cries. “Can I just tell the At the start of the ninth round, read 
story? I was there, after all, battling these 186.4.
elusive creatures with my very own eyes!”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
132



 133.1 • Aesther Enhancements  133.2 • Ruinous Research Lab (81)

If building 44 is not yet built, add  One of the Aesthers now speaks directly Special Rules
133.1 to the calendar in three into your mind. “You have no business After finding a focus, all Aesther 

weeks and stop reading. here. This laboratory belongs to the Ashblades and Aesther Scouts move as 
Aesthers. The Quatryls built it for us, and close as possible to the goal treasure 

You walk into the newly-built enhancer’s we will reclaim it.” tile while still being in range to attack 
shop and marvel. It is already one of the their focus. If it would ever take the 
most impressive structures in Frosthaven. His presence in your mind feels dark and same amount of movement to enter a 
Voice-of-Eight truly has exceptional twisted, and at the far side of the room, hex to attack their focus as it would to 
craftsmanship. you see the corrupted group approaching. move onto the goal treasure tile, they 

Despite the Aesther’s claim, the machines will move onto the tile instead.
Nera smiles at you from behind the in this place are not friendly toward them, 
counter. “Ah, our champions have arrived! attacking them just as harshly as your Starting now, the first time any 
Since you were so instrumental to us in group. character ends their turn occupying 
establishing our outpost, we have decided pressure plate D, place one  trap in 
to gift you the gold necessary for our “If you will not retreat, so be it. This ruin each empty A.
enhancement rituals. If you would like to will be your grave.”
partake of our services, of course.”

Rewards
Gain 50 gold each, which you must 
spend on enhancements now.

A A

 133.3 • Fleeting Permanence (52) 2 Goal 2
A A

01

2

 133.4 • Old Coin  133.5 • The Lurker Problem (78)

You’re about to return to the fray when Scenario Goal once this is over, you’re going to spend a 
you spot it: a tarnished gold coin matching The scenario is complete when all few hours in a hot, clean tub.
Dinah the tavern operator’s description. revealed monsters are dead. At the end 

of that round, read 107.1.

Rewards
Gain “Ancient Coin” 245 . After both Lurkers and Abaeli are 

defeated, you navigate the passageway to 
Remove loot card 1418 from the the back of these winding caverns. Feeling 
game. No longer add it to any squished and damp by virtue of the low 
scenario’s loot deck. ceiling, disappointment compounds your 

weariness when it becomes clear that this 
Section Links final cave is bereft of loot.

Add 80.4 to the calendar in one Unless you count Lurker shells as loot. 
week. They await you, stirring up stagnant water 

redolent with the smells of rotting moss 
and brine. You retch and vow to yourself, 5

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
133



 134.1 • Belara’s Keep (135)  134.2 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

Conclusion “That. Is. Incredible!” She claps her hands You swim up into a small alcove, and is 
Belara falls to the ground, clutching its in excitement, reaching for a quill. “Could that the spring you saw when you first got 
chest. Whatever attention it had been you even imagine? A first-hand account like here? And could that bloated, water-logged 
paying to your fight pales in comparison this—every library in the world will want corpse be the remains of the husband?
to the effort it was expending to keep its a copy! I’ll be on the shelves in White Oak! 
mind coherent enough for the battle. With In Jhinda! Demonsgate will undoubtedly 
its concentration lost, the two forces at war want two copies.” She gasps. “Oh my… Special Rules
within its body erupt in violent energy, Velcyll Harbor will certainly want to hear Water 8 and K are linked.
shattering outwards with a burst of light about this. Perhaps there’s even a chance for 
and darkness that ricochets off the walls. an audience with the Orchid High Council 

themselves! Could you imagine?”
The keep fills with an eerie ringing sound, tiny 
pathways appearing before you like a thousand Eddica straightens her skirt and pushes up 1
hallways filled with otherworldly creatures. her red-rimmed glasses, trying her best to 
They flicker in and out of view, and before you contain herself. “Alright, now start from 
can react they coalesce into a horrific visage of the beginning. Tell me everything.”
light and darkness. You shut your eyes. A

When you reopen them you’re outside of K
the keep, laying in the snow. You stand just Rewards Goal 2
in time to watch the structure collapse in on Gain 2 morale, 2 prosperity, and 1 
itself, sealing whatever remains of Belara inspiration. Gain “Belara’s Quill” 
inside. You hurry back to Frosthaven and 220 .
recount your story to Eddica in the Library. 2 @

 134.3 • Flotsam (73)  134.4 • The Unfettered Seal (62)

Upon reaching the small boat, you Special Rules “Here we go!” Crain whoops with 
discover that Lihrey lives, but just barely. Spawn the Fish King at B. Then, anticipation. “You’ll owe me several 
You’ll need to dislodge the boat and get spawn one Abael Herder at C and one drinks when we get back.” The device 
back to Frosthaven as soon as you can, Piranha Pig at D. These are normal emits a terrible screech and sends out 
but behind you, a rumbling begins to for two characters, the Abael Herder is another pulse. Unfortunately, it does little 
slowly build. You turn to see a menacing elite for three characters, or both are but make your foes angrier.
figure surface from the depths. He wears elite for four characters.
an imposing suit of jagged armor full of “What?” Crain is confounded. “The range 
colorful shells, and the surrounding Abaeli has increased, but the intensity... Oh, I’ve 
bow to his commanding presence. Boss Special 1 made a significant blunder here. All these 

The Fish King performs: calculations are wrong...”
In front of this Fish King bobs the block  +0 
of ice you worked so hard to retrieve.  -1,  all adjacent enemies,  2 
He holds up what you can only assume Then it summons one Piranha Pig. It is Special Rules
is the first piece of the scale. Pointing it normal for two characters or elite for All monsters within  4 of Crain 
at the block of ice, he mutters something three or four characters. gain .
indecipherable in a guttural tongue. A 
pulsing cloud of darkness emanates from Crain’s current goal is now D.
the scale, enveloping the block. The ice Boss Special 2
sloughs away from the scale within with The Fish King focuses on the farthest Remove any one of the six numbered 
unnatural speed. He grabs the second attackable enemy and performs:  tokens from the scenario, then shuffle 
piece and holds them both up to the sky,  +0 the rest face-down.
gurgling with delight. You move forward  +0,  5,  4, 
to stop him, and he draws a wicked-
looking spear, brandishing it at you and Section Links
yelling at the other Abaeli to attack. Section Links When there are two damage tokens on 

When the Fish King is reduced to at D, read 5.4.
most half its maximum hit point value 
(rounded down), read 41.4.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
134



 135.1 • Bathysphere Ready

Pinter Droman, the premiere tinkerer of with glass fishbowl helmets. These suits are draw in air through a small outboard port 
Frosthaven, leads you to the large storehouse connected to the complicated machinery and store it inside. All in all, it looks sturdy, 
situated just behind his workshop. He of the orb through tubes in their head and but that does little to calm your nerves.
collects himself for a moment, then throws are meant to be deployed from the main 
open the doors with a flourish, announcing: bathysphere, “when more maneuverability You pay the Tinkerer the rest of his fee, and 
“A bathysphere, my friends!” is required,” Droman explains. shortly after, the bathysphere is mounted 

onto the ship. It’s time to set sail once again.
What you see looks like a tiny, spherical You’re not sure what to make of it all, but 
prison. A glass-and-metal orb lies on a Pinter’s enthusiasm more than makes up 
pallet in front of you, equipped with two for your reaction. He runs you through Rewards
crude propellers and a pair of clockwork the machine’s functions, explaining how New Scenario: Sunless Trench 42
arms. Inside it sit a number of rubber suits to adjust the internal environment, how to 

 135.2 • Sunless Trench (42)  135.3 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

“It may have looked like it was over, but never 
underestimate the heart of a mercenary!”

Goal
Special Rules
Whenever any character is or becomes 
exhausted (including now), they do not 
alter their play area in any way and 
remain on the map. They immediately 
perform  L, self, recover three of 
their lost ability cards, and remove 
one damage token from above 
the round track where completed 
embellishments are tracked.

3 Section Links
Return to the bookmarked section to 

Goal reference its special rules and  
section links.

 135.4 • HE-RO-IC-S  135.5 • Main Gate Inquiry

“AH, I NOTE YOU HAVE A STABLE. The guard at the main gate rolls his eyes Section Links
THIS IS EXEMPLARY.” HE-RO-IC-S at your questions. “Yeah, Cecil came by a If you search Allya’s room at the 
hovers back toward you. “I WILL USE THIS couple times. Worthless, that guy. Let me barracks, read 179.3 now.
AS MY BASE OF OPERATIONS. YOU see… first time was at 5:15, then a second 
WILL BE VASTLY IMPRESSED WITH time reeking of alcohol and looking like hell If you search Barno’s room at the 
HOW HELPFUL I CAN BE. JUST CALL around 7:30. Somehow it took more than barracks, read 149.2 now.
ME WHENEVER YOU NEED ME!” two hours to get back around here? How’s 

that possible? I’ll tell you how.” The guard If you search Cecil’s room at the 
mimes knocking back a bottle of liquor. barracks, read 166.1 now.

Rewards
Add HE-RO-IC-S (Pet 11) to “And let me tell you, with the size of that If you know who the killer is and don’t 
the Stables. This can exceed the guy it takes quite a bit to get him tipsy.” need any additional investigation, read 
capacity of the Stables. 88.2 now.

Where will you go now?

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
135



 136.1 • The Lurker Problem (78)  136.2 • Lustrous Pit (108)  136.3 • Realm of Endless Frost (21)

Following trench-coat’s instructions Conclusion Conclusion
to the letter, you choreograph the fight You gather the last of the slabs, carefully Of all the parties you’ve been to, this is 
accordingly. It appears that was the right extracted from the walls, and make your way certainly one of the worst. The creature 
decision. As soon as the last Lurker falls, back to the entrance. The storm has abated, and dies without any humor or grace. It simply 
rumbling fills the cavern, and a boulder so, you begin your trek back to Frosthaven. shrieks and, like a vase dropped from a 
rolls away from the wall in the back, high shelf, shatters into a thousand pieces.
revealing a secret entrance. “Well, this is certainly... something...” Mayor 

Satha seems less than impressed when you When it’s done, the house begins to 
Special Rules return with your prize. “Why in the abyss shudder. The doors snap open with 

would I care whether some demon, thousands surprising force. An exit appears at the 
Place one cave door in A. of years ago, decided to eat berries instead back of this room, a new door leading 

of people’s faces? What I am interested in, is to a flat plain of white snow. Chunks of 
the demons outside these walls in the present. ceiling crash into the floor. You run and 

Section Links They are very keen on eating our faces, and I dive through the door, skidding to a stop in 
When door A is opened, read  don’t think throwing them berries is going to the fresh powder. You look back and there 

91.1. have any noticeable effect!” hangs the door: hovering above the ground, 
a portal cut out of thin air. Through it you 

Satha marches off in a huff. “Come find watch the ice realm crumble and collapse 
me if you have any useful insight on how and then vanish into nothingness.
to keep this outpost safe.” 

 136.4 • Deadly Pastimes (85) With the bizarre magic gone, you quickly 
While Satha may have a point, this outpost realize where you are: back near the 

You stare up at a wind passage in the rock. has to mean something more than survival, northern edge of Frosthaven. You hike up 
You can see the faint remnants of sunlight and these murals are something different. a familiar hill, and see its palisade wall 
and feel a cool, fresh breeze. This surely They have cultural significance, and you and small lines of smoke rising from its 
must be a way out of this mess. You finally are sure that their implications will not be chimneys. This seems as good a sign as 
found it. dismissed by everyone in Frosthaven or the any: time to head back and get some rest.

wider historical community.

Special Rules Rewards Rewards
D is an escape hex. Gain 2 morale and 2 inspiration. Gain 2 prosperity.

 136.5 • The Longest Second (125)

The amulet slots into the impression, Special Rules
and the contraption begins slowly losing At the start of the next round, the After the explosion expands each round, 
function, its power dwindling by the explosion begins by engulfing A. At any figure in an engulfed hex is forced 
second. However, the vocal buzz you’ve the start of each round after that, the to move to the closest empty unengulfed 
been hearing lingers a moment longer like explosion expands, engulfing each hex hex. For each hex moved, the figure 
a dying sigh. The glowing “1” on the panel within  3 of what it has previously suffers trap damage.
before you flickers into a big... red... zero. engulfed, eventually expanding into 

other rooms. Spawn the following monsters at the 
Your eyes widen with realization. It was a listed locations based on character count:
countdown.

Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
Whatever happened here—is happening—
it triggered a self-destruct protocol that B: Two normal  B: One normal and one B: Two elite  
is about to go off. And now that you’ve Robotic Boltshooters. elite Robotic Boltshooter. Robotic Boltshooters. 
shut down the power, time is accelerating C: Two normal  C: Two normal  C: Two normal and one 
back to normal. Before your very eyes, Ruined Machines. Ruined Machines. elite Ruined Machine. 
the massive machine begins to explode D: One elite  D: Two elite  D: Two elite  
in slow motion, fire and shrapnel inching Ruined Machine. Ruined Machines. Ruined Machines.
forward, gaining momentum.

From now on, each starting hex is an escape hex.
It is very much time to run.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
136



 137.1 • Orphan’s Halls (51)  137.2 • End of the Calendar

There are fewer enemies here. There are When your first rag-tag band of 
still a lot, but it is nothing compared to mercenaries arrived, this was an outpost on 
the angry wave of metal swarming on the brink of destruction, a reconnaissance 
the other side of the corridor. And up mission to make some quick coin. Now, 
ahead you see the leader, angrier this stubborn wart on the edge of the world 
than all of them combined. If is a flourishing town, complete with trade 
you can collapse the tunnel and routes and supply lines that put it on the 
dispatch this final battalion, map. Admittedly, they’re not the best trade 
maybe you can get some much- routes, and the supply lines run dim in 
needed alone time with the boss. winter, and the maps... well, you’d best 

hope the owner bought one recently. It’s the 
newer maps that have Frosthaven, really.

Special Rules
Door 2 is now considered an 2 But as soon as people start cycling out 

their old maps? This place will be a spot to 
objective with Cx(L+2) hit points, be reckoned with.
which can also be destroyed if within 

 2 of an explosion, but it is still 
treated as a corridor for the purpose Section Links Rewards
of movement. When door 2 is Return to 32.1 to reference its special Gain 1 prosperity. 
destroyed, remove the door tile and rules if necessary.
any figure on it, turning its hex into Take another campaign sheet to 
a wall. If door 2 is destroyed while continue tracking the calendar, 
any character is not occupying tile but do not resolve any sections 
8-A, the scenario is lost. pre-printed on the new calendar.

 137.3 • Vermling Siege  137.4 • Harrower Library (101)

There’s nothing more you can do here. You Conclusion Gem shakes her head. “Come on now, Zu! 
bolt before the swarm overruns you and Zu finishes consuming the last of the You’ll scare the poor crew.” She sees your 
make it back inside the gate before the first repositories, drawing to a full height that confusion, then rolls her eyes. “We were 
catapult volley rocks the walls. towers over you. The remaining Algox take mercenaries some time ago. A long time 

this as their cue to leave and hustle out without ago. We adventured together—Zu, Bartlet, 

65  4 putting up any more fight. Gem waddles into and I. And... another.” You can’t help but 
the room and notes the number of corpses. notice the catch in her voice. “Then we 

 made a mistake, and, well, now we’re here 
Target buildings randomly by “Well, you lot certainly have a way to put old ghosts to rest.
drawing from the building deck. about you.” Her tone is anything but 

admonishing. If anything, it’s envious. “That’s all I’ll say, and you’ll deal with it, 
The Vermling adorned in orange feathers because we’re the clients, and you’re the 
shouts maniacally from outside the wall. Zu contemplates for a moment, communing mercenaries.” She brightens up, “My, it’s a 
“I wouldn’t try that again! You’d best bring with their new knowledge, then speaks: good feeling to say that. Wouldn’t want to 
us food or we’ll pick it off your bones!” “We know where Bartlet is. But why be in your shoes.” She lets out a snorting 

should we disturb the Savvas’s rest?” chuckle.

Rewards The old Orchid addresses the Harrower as “Now, my dear Zu, lead the way! I can’t 
All characters start the next though she’s standing before the dumbest wait to get the old band back together.”
scenario with  2. creature on the planet. “Because we can 
 finally put it to rest, once and for all. You 
Do not resolve an outpost event this have the knowledge of thousands of years Rewards
week. of Harrowers stuffed into that cloak and Gain 1  each and 10  each.

you still don’t see it, do you?”  
New Scenario: Into the Black 102

Section Links Zu pulses in thought, then gives a nod 
Add 159.2 to the calendar in one week. in your direction. “Has sshe told you we 

werre like you?”
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

137



 138.1 •  Returns

Just as you are settling in for the night, among all you outcasts, and I’m not quite craftsman and help out around here.
a shadow appears at the doorway to your ready to give that up.”
longhouse. It’s the Drifter. “Is it all right if I still bunk with you all, 

You get up to welcome them back into the though?” You rush forward and welcome 
“It just felt... different out there on my group, but the Drifter waves you back. them back with a hug.
own,” the Drifter says, scratching their “I’m still done with that dangerous stuff, 
head. “I thought I could just go back to but I figure my crafting skills could be 
living out there on my own, but somehow, put to some use. You know I make all my Rewards
my time here in this pitiful place has own weapons and armor, right? Figure I Gain one random item blueprint.
gotten to me. I found a home here, out could share some of my secrets with the 

 138.2 • Ice Cave (111)  138.3 • Pirate Queen’s Haul (137)

Special Rules Section Links Conclusion
Open both doors 2. Each A is an Return to 147.4 to reference its “The best of all pirate burdens is the 
escape hex. special rules, if necessary. booty,” Dinah says, as you row the loot-

laden, low-riding dinghy back to the ship. 
Her ears are already pierced with multiple 
new gold earrings. On the ship, you divide 
the treasure accordingly, and Dinah even 
capitulates some to Captain Doghogger, 
who became fond of a goblet etched with 
a dolphin.

As you sail back to Frosthaven, Dinah 
leans back against her haul, beaming. 
“You know what’s better than all the 

2 gemstones in the world, though? What 
I’m picturing right now.” She spreads her 
hands expansively. “Barty’s face. He’ll 
fight the monsters, and lose himself in 

A those caves for hours, then drag his sorry 
carcass into that chamber. And once he 
climbs the hull of the ship, and opens 

A those treasure chests, do you know what 
he’ll find?”

Dinah throws back her head and cackles. 
A “Rats! He’ll find cave rats, gnawing at the 

crumbs I left to lure them in. Just so he’ll 
think of sweet, little ol’ me.”

A
She flips a coin in the air, catches it. You 
salute her with a goblet, as does Captain 
Doghogger, and you all make your 

2 merry—and much wealthier—way back to 
Frosthaven.

Rewards
Gain 2 prosperity and 3 morale. 
Gain 30 gold each. Add one  
sticker to a money loot card (the 
card gives one extra money token 
when resolved).

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
138



 139.1 • A Tall Drunken Tale (128)

“Okay, and after the truce?” Eros asks. cave already emerged!” Half the room Special Rules
agrees. The other half just looks confused. Open door 3.

“It was the truce that allowed our friends 
to be flanked. As enemies approached to “No, Rodrick, the land there was flat Remove everything except the water 
their west, a cave rose up from the earth to before.” Nits pats the nonplussed noble tile from tile 2-J. If any character is 
the east, and more poured out.” and adopts a patronizing tone. “Maybe you removed, place them in the closest 

should slow down if you can’t remember empty hex on tile 15-A. Set up tile 2-J 
Derrick puts down an empty mug, things right.” again as shown as if just revealed.
coughing as he rushes to speak, “But that 

Instead of revealing monster ability 
cards during ordering of initiative this 
round, choose and reveal one card 
for each monster set on the map from 
their respective decks, then shuffle the 
remainder of those decks.

54 3 1
Section Links
At the start of the seventh round, read 

166.2.

 139.2 • Boat Built  139.3 • Vermling Attack

The shipyard hums with activity, somewhat “Now, whaddya call this beauty?” The The rumors of a looming attack were 
literally in the case of the Harrower sailor brightens again, offering a bottle of true: Vermling marauders have been 
carpenter, who has been hired to construct brackish alcohol. “G’head, pick a name. Bad gathering outside the wall in record 
your boat. As a swarm of unified insects, luck to set forth on an unnamed vessel!” numbers. They’re not known for any 
the Harrower has spent the last few days level of coordination, but in significant 
slicing planks of wood, then bending the You smash the bottle on the hull and watch numbers any mass of anger, fur, and teeth 
pieces into shape with the help of other as the carpenter and their assistants launch can be a threat—and these Vermlings look 
workers. It’s a respectable, single-mast the ship into the chilly waters. Captain hungry. With a shrill warcry they throw 
ship with enough room for a small crew Doghogger takes some time to inspect the themselves at Frosthaven’s defenses.
to make a brief voyage north. Until now, rigging and secure a crew, but after only 
a part of you had hoped the carpenter half a day, you’re ready to brave the icy sea 
wouldn’t pull it off and that you’d be saved and leave Frosthaven behind you. 50
from venturing into these frigid waters. But  
seeing the ship here, all properly rigged Target building 88 (if available), 
up and sealed with fresh pitch, your mood Rewards then building 74 (if available), 
brightens. Now, all you need is a crew. Open envelope B. then buildings 30-100 in ascending 

order. Continue targeting buildings 
“Captain Philip Doghogger, at your Place “Boat” campaign sticker on until you have defended four times 
service!” You turn back toward the gate. the town map at location A. You successfully or have targeted all 
The human walking toward you is the may now play scenarios with the  buildings once.
height of a child, but the weathered look on requirement. Name your boat, then 
his face makes his age clear. write it on the sticker and the front of Mobs are skittish by nature, and with 

B-01 and B-02 in the blanks. enough of them dispatched the others run 
“Satha mentioned ye needed an old salt,” for the safety of the forest. Hopefully, 
the man continues cheerily. He seems Shuffle events B-01 to 13 together they’ll stick to the wilds from now on.
confident that he’s already been hired. and use them to create the boat event 
“Delighted to have a ship to captain once deck. Store this deck in envelope 
again. Been lookin’ fer a new steed since B when not in use and use the card Rewards
my own ship met an unfortunate end a divider to separate the boat event Gain 2 collective  .
few months back. I’m sure this one won’t deck from the other boat event cards.
be torn apart by a giant starfish, eh?” He 
laughs, but there is sadness there. Gain 1 prosperity.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
139



 140.1 • Lustrous Pit (108)  140.2 • A Waiting Game (117)

Despite your best efforts to control stomach twists as you look upon images of Conclusion
yourself, you inelegantly careen into the rampant demons exiting twisting vortices. The bears are safely snared and the 
next room, another hall of stone encased in Terrifying and magnificent figures, these hunting party lies still in the snowbanks. 
ice. Your lamp bathes the walls in radiant demons tower over mountains and forests The Trapper shakes their head, remorseful 
light, revealing yet more murals. Your like gods. for their fellow Vermlings. “Immersed in 

nature as I have been, death is no longer 
distasteful or frightening. I do wish 
it didn’t have to be this way, but they 
disrupted the natural course.”

Cautiously nearing each polar bear, the 
1 1 Trapper uses a blow-gun to shoot their 

haunches with a strong tranquilizer. Once 
the bears have lain down their mighty 
heads, the Trapper turns to you. “If you 
help me move them back to their home in 

Goal the barrens, I’m sure they would greatly 
appreciate it.”

You smile. The one who will truly 
3 2 appreciate it is the Trapper, who, after the 

high energy of battle, has returned to their 
former reticent state. As you move the 
bears to sleds for transportation, you may 
or may not hear a mumbled thank-you.

Rewards
Gain 4 collective .  
Gain 10 gold each.

 140.3 • The Work Continues

You find Crain atop the roof of the tavern, “It’s just something I’ve been reading in components. I’d rather not blow up half of 
above his room, his bare heels dug into the the journal,” He stands and clambers down Frosthaven, so I bent Satha’s ear until she 
wooden shake. He hasn’t spoken much since the side of the building until he lands agreed on a new workshop. Construction 
your trip into the Copperneck Mountains. next to you. He looks healthy enough, starts soon. In the meantime, we need 
It’s hard to say what happened down there, his clothes are clean at least, a few ink to recruit some more talented minds to 
what he saw. Terra’s helped, you know that. stains but otherwise good. “Sometimes, help with the work ahead. I’ll need an 
She stops in regularly to assist him with Logren talks about all the scholars and enhancer for one thing. Satha thinks a 
research. But now you find him like this, adventurers she came across all those tree sanctuary would help, though I can’t 
thirty feet up, staring into the gray distance. years ago, transcribes their conversations fathom why. And then a top-notch library. 

in the text, and the quality of them, No more borrowing books from Pinter 
“Heroes,” he calls down but makes no they’re—I don’t know. Folks are different Droman, thank you. Last time I did that, I 
attempt to move. The wind is calm today, now. Harder. More wary I suppose. found doodles in the margins. Doodles!”
so you can hear him clearly. “Let me ask 
you something. Has it ever crossed your “Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy to live 
mind that you may have been born in the here. The place has grown on me. But Rewards
wrong era?” there is something missing. Or rather, a lot Do not turn to the next page in 

of things.” the puzzle book. Instead write the 
You consider this. Certainly, parts of life solution to the next puzzle on the 
could have gone better; Frosthaven is not Crain rubs his face. “Normally, I’m not same page.
the future you imagined in your youth. concerned with something so illusory 
But all the same, you are generally content as safety but this project we’re working 
with how things turned out. on, this device, has certain, um, volatile 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
140



 141.1 • A Giant Block of Ice (72)  141.2 • Caravan Guards (116)

Pushing this bulk of magical ice is Section Links Conclusion
cumbersome enough, but it is made far When the ice pillar enters any door “That was close!” Pinter Droman 
more difficult by the guardians bursting 2, read 105.3. exclaims, climbing down from his hiding 
forth from every wall, ceiling, and floor. place in a nearby tree. The remaining 

merchants have circled their wagons up 
in a small clearing off the path, trying to 

Special Rules calm their frightened draft animals before 
Remove all doors 1. continuing.

Spawn one normal Ice Wraith at A. 1 D You look back up at Droman’s Path, the 
In addition, spawn one elite Ice Wraith project that carries much of Frosthaven’s 
at B for four characters. hope for supplies and survival this winter. 

1 2 Despite all the weeks of planning and 
The current slide difficulty is 4. effort, it very nearly became Droman’s 

1 2 Grave. If Frosthaven is to keep this 
Doors 2 are locked, but the ice pillar shortcut open, it’ll need better security. 
can enter them. 1 You make a note to tell Satha to set up 

patrols.

The tinkerer’s voice interrupts your 
thoughts as he chatters away at one of the 
surviving merchants. “Yes, yes, but other 
than that,” you hear him say, “How did 
you like the path?”

 141.3 • Inside the Swarm (100)
Rewards

Section Links
1 Gain rewards based on the 

When door 2 is opened, read  number of wagons that escaped. 
102.1. All rewards are cumulative.

1: Gain 1 morale.

2: Gain 1 collective ,  
1 collective , and 1 collective .

3: Gain any 2 material resources each 
and 10  each.

4: Gain one random item blueprint.

2 5: Gain 1 prosperity and 2 morale.

 141.4 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

You’re starting to wonder how many 
of these walls you can break before the # $ 3
ceiling comes crashing down. It hasn’t 
happened yet, at least.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
141