62.1 • Automaton Uprising (59)

Conclusion lifts the Orphan and brings it over, and you One of the guards atop the gate shouts 
The Unfettered will never tire. Their understand how close you came to death. down, asking who goes there, but rather 
bodies will never feel pain. They will come than answering yourself, you allow 
at you as long as they draw power, but you The Orphan’s legs are broken and its chest someone else to speak up.
cannot wait. Already your limbs are heavy, is cratered. It took a terrible beating, but 
and sweat stings your eyes. You back up somehow it managed to stay alive long “Allies,” the Orphan shouts and peels back 
and hit a wall, and there is nowhere else enough to finish its work. its hood. “Allies come to your aid.”
to go. The machines are closing in. Then a 
shout. “We’ve done it,” the Orphan says, the 

light behind its face blooming like a rising Rewards
“It is done!” The Orphan says. The moment flame. “I asked them for peace. I asked Gain 2 morale and 2 prosperity. 
hangs. Nothing appears to have changed, them to join me, all of them. To give up Gain “Key Card” 246 . 
and yet the steel golems do not advance. this fighting and work together with those Unlock  class box.  
You wipe the sweat and blood from your above. This is their choice. The Unfettered Gain “Unfettered Allies” campaign 
eyes, confused. Then the guard closest to choose peace.” sticker. Remove all  events from 
you shudders, and that’s when you see it: all outpost event decks.
the blade piercing through its chassis. It takes several days to recover from the 

battle. The Unfettered aid you as best they Add event SO-49 to the summer 
The other Unfettered have come to your can, though hospitality is clearly a skill the outpost deck and event WO-63 to 
defense. Waves of injured and mismatched machines have not practiced. Eventually the winter outpost deck.
automatons burst through the door and you make your way out of the complex and 
drag down their steely siblings, like a back to Frosthaven. Add one  card to the town  
storm crashing over a sandcastle. guard deck.

When you arrive at the outpost, you are not 
Within seconds, the fight is over. The room alone. Instead you come surrounded by a Locked Out Scenario:  
is reduced to a heap of broken machinery retinue of figures draped in thick cloaks, Orphan’s Core 58
and a new army, loyal and at the ready. One their long armored legs jutting down into 
of them, a large, barrel-chested automaton, the snow.

 62.2 • Bathysphere Plans  62.3 • Haunted Vault (17)

If the Craftsman is not at least level The tinkerer goes on to explain that with This place is clearly designed to separate 
3 add 62.2 to the calendar in three this “bathysphere” you could safely you from the others and then murder you 
weeks and stop reading. descend deep into the Biting Sea for short in the dark, but you think you’re getting 

periods of time. But that only solves the the hang of it now. Another door opens, 
A high, nasal voice reaches you at the problem of the pressure; you still need to and more spirits arise to stop you.
back of The Crater, Frosthaven’s recently avoid freezing. “I have a plan for that too!” 
rebuilt canteen. Pinter exclaims, his bleary eye twitching. 
 “All I need is a very, very powerful heat Section Links
“I have it, ach, I have it!” This is Pinter source.” As luck would have it, Pinter When door 4 is opened, read 19.3.
Droman, the outpost’s best and only believes you might be able to find such 
tinkerer, and he’s pushing his way through a thing somewhere in the middle of the 
the smoky gloom to find your group at Radiant Forest. 
your usual table. When he arrives, you see  4
that Pinter’s eyes are raw and his skin has “The whole forest is unfrozen, even in 
a waxy shine, which means he hasn’t been the winter, so something must be heating 
sleeping again. it!” Pinter says. “I can’t be certain what 
 it will look like, but I’m certain it’s there, D
“The seawater, I have a way around it! yes. Ah, and with your particular skills, 
Or, rather…” Pinter unrolls a scroll of finding it should be no problem.”
parchment on your table, pushing aside A
your drink. The parchment shows a 
diagram of some sort of armored ball. Rewards
“Through it! In a bathysphere!” New Scenario: Thawed Wood 33 .
 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
62



 63.1 • Heart of Ice (4)

Conclusion mayor continues. “Some of the watchmen doing that, we’ll keep rebuilding the town. 
Finished with the Algox mountain, you have reported Lurkers, of all things, on the I’m sure you can already tell, but the north 
head back to Frosthaven to plan your next outskirts of the territory 7 . isn’t exactly hospitable, so we need to get 
move. There you find Satha speaking with Frosthaven back on its feet as soon as we 
a downtrodden populace, still reeling from “I reckon since you made it safely back can. That means we need all the resources 
the latest attack they barely survived. “A to town, you might go out and check on we can find. So while you’re out there, see 
few new support beams here and there, those damned crabs for me. Better to get if you can collect some lumber, metal, and 
patch up some of the walls, and we’ll a handle on them before they show up at hides to help us out. Sea willing, we’ll be 
be sure as snow in no time. You’ll see,” our door.” She punches you on the arm and able to rebuild this outpost before winter, 
she says with a wink. “No frost or fire in then begins to walk away. because if we don’t, then there’s no hope 
the world’ll keep us down for long!” Her for any of us.”
enthusiasm is met with minimal recognition “Oh, actually,” she stops and turns back, 
as the residents continue to sift through the “there was one more thing. A scouting 
rubble. You grab the mayor long enough to party came back recently and reported Rewards
make a report of your time with the Algox. seeing some strange metal constructs Gain 1 morale and 1 prosperity.

marching through the wastes. The scouts 
“The sea have mercy,” she snorts, slightly tracked them east through the Whitefire New Scenarios: 
surprised, “this internal struggle with the Wood and then into some frozen valley, Edge of the World 7 , 
Algox explains a lot. But at least it sounds but couldn’t follow beyond that, so you Crystal Trench 8
like you’ve made strong progress towards might as well have a look at that too 8 .”
getting at least one group to stop attacking 
us, so that’s something.” You rub some of your bruises from the Section Links

Algox altercation, and nod. Add 156.1 to the calendar  
“We’ve had some troubling developments in four weeks.
of our own while you’ve been gone,” the “Good,” Satha chirps. “And while you’re 

 63.2 • Accuse Barno  63.3 • Sunless Trench (42)

A portal opens and out steps an Aesther in for Cecil. Either way, I think it’s time to 
an unusual hat. He pulls a pipe from his remind this plane about consequences.”
mouth and speaks up, “Hello. Sorry to pop Goal
by, saw there was something of a mystery Frosthaven isn’t willing to go without a 
afoot. Seems like you’ve selected the fight, though:
wrong individual.”

The Aesther touches a scorch mark on the X  all 
wall. “Cecil is the murderer, clearly—he where X is 40 if there are less than  
killed Tarro after the man refused to fifteen buildings built, or otherwise 70.
return the Oak Charm Cecil lost in a game 
of cards. Probably accidentally, wouldn’t Target buildings randomly by 
think it’s in his nature. The fire was just drawing from the building deck.
to cover his tracks. Of course you needn’t 1
even leave this room to determine the You finally manage to drive the prince 
killer: the fire ignition point is a full head back. He laughs as he steps back through 
higher than either of the other two could a portal to his home—“An enjoyable fight, 
reach. It turns out the answer is elemental, but I have other matters to attend to. See 
my dear demon prince.” you soon.”

And with that, he hops back into a portal 
and is gone. The demon prince looks a 
bit taken aback by the whole affair, but 
ultimately smiles. “Perhaps you were Rewards Goal
wrong, perhaps you were trying to cover All characters start the next scenario 

with .

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
63



 64.1 • Rising Brine (83)

Conclusion into the town hall, ends in you collapsing He’s about to add to this indignity with 
The water is cresting alarmingly high now. across Glint’s desk. The Inox’s brows sarcasm, when his nose wrinkles. “What’s 
With all those pesky porcine fish defeated, shoot toward his horns as you unpack your that smell?”
you swiftly collect the rusty parts. In the loot in front of him, feeling a rush of pride 
poor light and with the impending doom about how much you salvaged. You. The smell is you. Sighing, you leave 
of the tide, you can’t tell whether they’ll before the other mercenaries in line start 
be valuable. They’re awfully heavy, so Face stoic, Glint examines the rusty to complain.
that’s something, right? refuse. You await his assessment, breath 

bated. “Always dreamed of becoming a 
Encumbered by chunks of metal while tinkerer,” he says wistfully. Rewards
paddling against the tide is not a feat of Gain “Giant Piranha Pig Spine” 202 .
strength you wish to repeat, but you finally Really? Asks the hope in your face. But 
make it out into the waning daylight. A then the records-keeper scoffs, “All 
beleaguered trip back to Frosthaven, then junk!” and shoves the parts off his desk. 

 64.2 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

Special Rules
If you are occupying tile 7-A and tile 3
7-C is unrevealed, read 47.3 instead.

The wall looks weak here, so you give it 
a good shove. It comes tumbling down, 
revealing more of the cave.

 64.3 • Puzzle Solution

“Genius!” Crain shouts and accidently excitement until tomorrow, but when you A blinding flash rips from the gyroscope. 
hurls his teacup across the room. “You, turn back he’s already climbing the ladder The workshop is flooded. Searing 
my hard-knuckled friend, have unlocked to the gyroscope, the vial of dark energy brightness everywhere. You turn but there 
one of the better mysteries I’ve seen in my in-hand. is no avoiding it, no escape. You brace 
academic career. What now? What now?” for the pain, for the fire, the deafening 
He scratches his chin and a wild look “Don’t worry,” he shouts. “If we die, explosion. But there is only the click of 
comes into his eyes, a look you know, a they’ll blame it on me. Probably hold a metal and the sound of two small footsteps.
look that usually ends in fire and anguish. nice ceremony for you. Lots of weeping, 

I’m sure.” He’s inside the gyroscope now, You turn back and Crain is standing on the 
“Let’s do it right now.” Crain giggles. gently laying the vial of energy on a metal gyroscope’s platform, the device singing 
“Let’s charge the device.” track that leads directly into the device. in his hands. It’s as large as he is, and its 

It’s supposed to reduce the chance for glass and crystal components are aglow 
You won’t deny the idea has some appeal error, but with Crain at the helm, who can with a pearlescent light, not at all like the 
but you do not think it’s wise to perform say. He calibrates the device’s resonance black energy. Crain stabs the device into 
the charge without the Shattersong and dial to match the number you found in the the wooden platform with a satisfying 
Terra present. book, and then, moving with breathless metal thunk, and he smiles.

caution, he slides the vial incrementally 
“Well, they’ve helped so much already.” toward the device. “Wow, I can’t believe that worked.”
Crain says. “Shouldn’t we give them a 
break? And just think how impressed Your muscles tighten. Your lungs empty. 
they’ll be when they see it!” You can only see the back of Crain’s Rewards

head but he isn’t moving. Then he jerks New Scenario:  
You look for wine, or a bottle of spirits, or suddenly, and there is light. The Unfettered Seal 62
a large club, anything to calm the scholar’s 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
64



 65.1 • Avalanche (6)  65.2 • Unfettered Shard (41)

Conclusion Some of the creatures flew off into the back the oppressive black wall. Yes, 
Clawing from the snow you find the darkness, but you don’t let that stop you. there—you see a creature holding another 
mountain completely changed, its face You return one broken piece to the altar, piece. It vibrates with wickedness, but you 
wiped clean by the slide. You realize the and a wave of light bursts forth, pushing are undeterred.
avalanche didn’t carry you as far as you 
had expected; you can still see the top from 
where you’re standing, and you’re not too Special Rules
far off. Unfortunately, with the snow cover Move the shadow walls three hexes In addition, spawn the following 
gone, all that’s left between you and the to the left, then spawn one elite Deep monsters at the listed locations based on 
peak is a painfully steep cliff, and you’re Terror at B. When this Deep Terror character count:
not equipped for that sort of climb. If you dies, instead of a loot token, it drops 
want to press on, you’ll need to return with another piece of the altar.
better gear: a harness and ropes and as 
many pitons as you can carry 11 . Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

You do notice, however, that the avalanche A: Two normal  A: One elite and two A: Three elite  
has revealed something more. You spot a Deep Terrors.  normal Deep Terrors. Deep Terrors. 
lone survivor of a storm a short distance to B: Two normal B: Two elite  B: Two elite  
the east: some sort of ruined stone structure Night Demons. Night Demons. Night Demons.
jutting out from the ground. It’s not too far 
off, and might be worth a look 12 . At the start of each even round, instead It is normal for two characters, or elite 

of spawning Living Spirits, now spawn for three or four characters.
one Night Demon at B.  

Rewards
Gain 2 collective . 
 Section Links
New Scenarios: Snowscorn Peak 11 , When the second piece is returned to 
Temple Entrance 12 the altar, read 17.1.

 65.3 • Crystal Enclosure (10)

From the outskirts of the spike clusters, 
you rush forward into the heart of them. 
Here even more Algox protect the largest 
of the conduits. One leaps forth and howls, 
and as she does so, ice forms around her, 
providing a protective shell. In her hands, 21
the crystals form into wicked axes.

“May your frozen blood sing the song of 
our victory!” The Algox yells. 21 A
Special Rules B
Open all doors 1. Place all characters 
and character summons, in initiative 1
order, in the closest empty hexes on 
tile 16-A, then remove all doors and 
tile 13-A from the map. 71

Do not set up ice pillar A for two 
characters, or ice pillar B for two 
or three characters. Each ice pillar in 
this room has 4+(LxC)/2 hit points 
(rounded down).

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
65



 66.1 • Ravens’ Roost (32)

Before long, you emerge into a clearing. “Oh, here you are, slow walkers. Warm more of the fiendish humanoids from the 
Here only one giant tree stands, but it is an bodies. We’ve waited long for you.” fjords. They rise from the ground, gray 
old, barren thing, picked free of leaves and bipedal creatures with clawed hands 
covered instead in flapping black wings. You watch as shapes drop from the nest and grotesque feet, and fill the air with 
It’s a nest—a writhing, fidgeting nest—and like overripe fruit: humanoid bodies their screams. Well, you found your bird 
the birds call to you with a single voice. swarmed with wings and razor beaks— friends. Now to cleanse this place of the 

foul things.

Special Rules
The raven nest A has 3xCx(L+2) hit 
points and  X,  10, where X is 
(L+1)/3 (rounded up). It is an enemy to 
you and an ally to all monsters.

At the start of next round and each 
second round after that, spawn one 
Shrike Fiend at the raven nest. It is 67
normal for two characters, elite each 
second spawning for three characters, 1 A
or elite for four characters.

 66.2 • The Pass is Ready  66.3 • Call of the Harbinger (56)

“It’s ready!” Pinter Droman shouts as he why this was so important: A shorter trip You expect it this time. As the altar 
bursts into Satha’s cabin, interrupting your means more traveling merchants coming crumbles beneath your blow, the shadow 
meeting on the latest building projects. to Frosthaven, which in turn means more once again overtakes you, pushing you 
The excitable tinkerer opens his mouth as life-saving supplies for the beleaguered into the creature’s dark home.
if to continue speaking, but only gasps for outpost.
breath. “A new morsel has arrived,” it hisses at 

Satha laughs in delight, clapping the you. “You cannot hope to escape this place, 
Satha leans back in her chair and winks at breathless Quatryl on the back. “Great so come. I welcome you into my embrace.”
you. “What’s wrong, Pinter, did you run work, Droman! We’ll send for some of the 
all the way here from the Frozen Pass?” braver merchants to give this a test run as 
she asks with a smirk. soon as we’re able.” She turns to you with a Special Rules

smile. “You helped build this path as much Place the destroying character in A 
“No,” Pinter wheezes, “I had to stop a as anyone; you should be there to celebrate or the closest empty hex to it and any 
couple times. But it’s ready! The shortcut when the first caravan rolls through!” of their summons and tokens in empty 
through the Frozen Pass is complete! I call hexes adjacent to them.
it... Droman’s Path!” The mayor’s grin doesn’t falter, but you’re 

pretty certain you detect an edge in her The Harbinger of Shadow 1 is  
You helped Droman with this project voice, and you understand the unspoken now active.
on a couple of occasions, but you hadn’t end to her sentence: “—in case anything 
expected it to be done so soon. Thanks to goes wrong.”
a lucky landslide, Pinter’s ingenuity, and Section Links
weeks of backbreaking work, this shortcut When the Harbinger of Shadow is 
could shave days off the dangerous trek Rewards reduced to at most one third of its 
through the Frozen Pass. Satha explained New Scenario: Caravan Guards 116 maximum hit point value (rounded 

down), read 100.2.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
66



 67.1 • Life and Death (61)

Conclusion sits on a traveling stool and inspects you are slow, pained. It must have cost her 
Your ears fill with the sound of your own with easy purple eyes. Behind her are half a great deal to come here. “We have 
breathing: heavy, stinging, rib-pulling a dozen other figures, each roughly the been fortifying this line of Savvas for 
breaths. Your legs are full of acid, ready size of a human, and each hidden beneath generations now, providing them with 
to seize, but you push through the pain heavy, wool robes. only the purest of energy and sustenance 
and exhaustion, struggling to keep up and, because of that, the Shattersong are a 
with Moonshard. The shadows are close “I am thankful for your service, as always, lineage uniquely tuned to the thoughts and 
behind, reaching, stretching out. They will my friend,” the new Orchid says to intentions of the Harbinger. Of malice and 
not let you leave, and even now, they claw Moonshard. And then to you: “We have spite.”
at the edges of your mind, yearning for waited very long to meet you. My name is 
your fear. But then, all at once, you pass Terra.” Terra shuffles around the fire, moving a 
into open air and the cave behind you fills little easier now. “But you.” She raises 
with frustrated screams. The fear is gone. “Well, ah, thank you,” he says. He rubs his her eyes, sharp beneath her arched brow. 
The pain. You are beyond the terror’s swollen jaw, trying to hide his suspicion. “You play a crucial role here as well. The 
reach now, safe. “But how is it you knew we would be Harbinger means to invade everything 

here? Even I didn’t know where exactly around us, to break through the seals that 
Outside the cave, it is late. Much time has we were going this morning.” contain it.” She nods to Crain. “But with 
passed since you entered the cave, and that your ingenuity,” then to you, “And with 
sinks a lead ball in your gut. You realize “Because,” Terra explains, “I have seen your might and courage, we have a slim 
just how lost you really were and that, had this moment in my meditations for the last chance of stopping it.
Moonshard not arrived when she did, you two hundred years.” Crain’s eyes widen.
would not be alive. “It’s the best we can manage. The force we 

“We have been planning for a long time,” are trying to stop is far greater than any 
Moonshard begins walking towards what Terra explains. “All in preparation for that exists on this plane. It is something of 
you see is a circle of cloaked figures in the the days that are now upon us—for the a miracle the Harbinger was ever bound 
distance, all gathered around a small fire. emergence of the Harbinger.” at all, but there it sleeps, deep within the 
You follow, and a voice calls out. earth. In its dreams, it corrupts and plots 

At the mention of this name, the cloaked its escape. Through its machinations, the 
“How did you find them?” A female voice figures all rotate their heads to the east. seals grow weak.”
asks, anxious for news. One of them adjusts its hood, a long, 

bone-white hand emerging briefly and then Crain jumps up excitedly. “Yes, the seals! 
“Just like I said I would,” Moonshard disappearing back into its sleeve. This is what I’ve been trying to tell them 
answers. all along. Logren wanted to strengthen the 

“Our friends here are part of our seals, but we require a device made of star 
“In danger then.” preparations,” Terra says. She gestures to iron!”

one of the figures and it comes forward. 
“I believe my words were, ‘about to get “They are the Shattersong.” Moonshard groans loudly. “Star iron is a 
themselves flayed.’” myth used to lure gullible adventurers to 

The figure lowers its hood and reveals their deaths. Don’t worry, we’ll get you the 
You move close to the fire and Crain itself to be a Savvas of a unique and rather materials you need.”
hurries to one side, eager to warm his incredible form. Unlike other Savvas, 
hands. His face is gaunt, skin paled. You whose bodies take on a variety of ochre or 
have no idea what the Quatryl saw down brown or slate, this one is made entirely Rewards
there in the dark, but you hope it was not of quartz that glimmers with the reds and Unlock  class box.
too much. yellows rising from the campfire. It would 

be beautiful were it not for its black eyes 
Looking over the fire, you can make out that stare at you with cold disregard. Section Links
Moonshard’s companion—a smaller Add section 140.3 to the calendar 
Orchid—and you see that both her and “We have been helping them,” Terra says in one week.
Moonshard are quite old. The smaller one and rises to her feet. Her movements 

 67.2 • Furious Factory (109)

Conclusion facility powers down, becoming silent Rewards
The crystal shatters with one final strike as a tomb. You strip the place of as much Gain 5 collective .
and the metal construct falls to the metal as you can carry and head back to 
floor with a crash. All around you, the Frosthaven.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
67



 68.1 • Xain’s Gambit  68.2 • Elemental Cores (66)

Sure enough, Lurkers show extreme Entering the portal, you are met with such rich scents. The floor is crawling with 
interest in polar bear meat. The proposition smells of fallen leaves and decay. It has vines, and boulders block a clear path. A 
spreads by word of claw and Xain finds been a while since you last breathed in powerful roar fills the air. Between you 
you on the street to deliver your gains, and the elemental core, a group of earth 
minus his fee. demons stand their ground.

“What did I tell you? Lurkers can’t get 
enough of that fatty polar bear steak!” A Goal
realization crosses the Orchid’s face. “I 
wonder if I can get the Algox interested in 
bottled seawater somehow...”

Rewards
Gain 50 collective gold.

 68.3 • Depths of Delirium (27)  68.4 • The Collection (87)

Special Rules Conclusion trying to calm him down. You explain 
Do not set up altar B for two The chaos of the room subsides, and you that his brother needs medical attention 
characters. free the two brothers from their restraints. and should be carried back to Frosthaven 

One of them doesn’t look so great, but the as quickly as possible. He nods, taking 
other seems fit to travel. the task upon himself while providing 

you with directions on how to reach the 
“We must stop that monster!” One of the Collector’s inner sanctum.
brothers pleads. “It steals the life force of 
its captives to prolong its own miserable 
life. I won’t rest until all those it has killed Rewards
are avenged!” Gain 1 inspiration, or 2 inspiration 

2 if both brothers survived. 
He picks up a weapon off the floor and  

B starts toward a door at the far end of the New Scenario: 
room. You grab him by the shoulder, Collection’s Capstone 88  

 68.5 • Puzzle Solution

With the stables full, Crain has been This all sounds great to you, but Crain’s the construction. See if you can recruit 
content to observe the creatures of the expression isn’t quite as joyous as you’d someone capable of this job, and we’ll 
North and write his notes for the past few expect. get this business with the Harbinger 
days—a pleasant break from his usual, concluded.”
much more destructive style of research. “I just have one small problem remaining,” 
After many days, he finally calls you over Crain mutters and holds up his hand. He You’re about to object—to implore 
to his workshop to give you a report. averts his eyes in shame as his hand at rest the Quatryl to put his own well-being 

twitches uncontrollably. You can’t believe above his research—but you see the 
“I think I am finally ready to begin you haven’t noticed before, but Crain’s determination in his eyes. Crain won’t back 
construction on the device,” he says whole frame trembles slightly. down until this is finished, so you need to 
proudly. “With the help of everyone you help him get it done as quickly as possible.
have brought together for me, and getting “I could spend another month in 
nearly through Logren’s journal, I think I recuperation,” Crain says, “but I fear we 
have fully grasped the problem and can, in don’t have that kind of time. This needs Rewards
turn, devise a proper solution.” to happen now, so I need one more thing Turn to the next page in the puzzle 

from you—a good craftsman to help with book.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
68



 69.1 • The Unfettered Seal (62)

Conclusion to be summoned, but Crain’s device is banishment. Within seconds the cavern 
The weight of your enemies is incredible. only warming up. The floating crystals is still, except for the new and constant 
Not their physical weight, though that too and cylinders shift, some rising up, some thrum.
is immense, but the weight they exert on lowering down, and in response, several 
your sanity. They are everything. They more rings appear. These, however, are You lower your torch, partly out of fatigue 
are the shadow itself, gathered all around made of a dull sunny glow, like the light but also out of relief. Crain comes to you, 
you, lashing out. Tendrils sting the air, that the Shattersong reflect in the early and, for a few moments, you both simply 
narrowly missing your already bruised mornings, and these rings vibrate with a stare, watching the glory of it all. 
body. Claws and pincers lift from the heady, beating thrum. 
ground, deflected with barely an inch Eventually Crain breaks the silence. 
to spare. You have no doubt that the The air in your lungs becomes warm. 
Harbinger’s corruption, the pure menace The spot in the back of your head settles. “We can do it,” he says, no hint of his 
that it contains, is awesome. But then, And the seal that holds the Harbinger at normal joking tone. “This really might 
there is strength in your side as well. bay ignites into a renewed vibrant blue. work. Terra’s plan. We just keep going, 

All at once, new lines appear in the seal’s no matter what, we keep going.” Crain 
A fountain of prismatic light shoots design where before there were only vague considers his own words and when he 
suddenly toward the ceiling and the ring shadows: a chain reaction that spreads all speaks again there is a new sobriety in his 
of monsters flinch all at once. Crain around the cavern, runes illuminating with voice, a new hardness. “But the next seal 
has found his position, and his device ferocity. The ancient sorcery that keeps the will be harder. It’s not in an empty cave. It 
is active like you’ve never seen it. The Harbinger at bay is revivified, poured into is near the Savvas source of life.”
varied spokes, the crystals and cylinders by Crain and the Shattersong’s power. 
of liquid, have taken to the air and are 
hovering several feet from the tripod, each The demons, who had been skulking away, 
one shining with a fierce, eerie brightness. now shriek as they try to flee. Some that Rewards
The room responds in kind. were standing too near to the Harbinger’s Gain 1 prosperity. 

seal are ensnared and their bodies  
An immense sigil, a glyph made of pale collapse suddenly inward. The sight New Scenario: The Savvas Seal 63
blue light, appears suddenly above the would be disturbing if it weren’t for the 
cavern floor. It flickers as if unwilling bloom of light that covers their gruesome 

 69.2 • Depths of Delirium (27)  69.3 • Call of the Harbinger (56)

Something about this place is sapping stronger than ever. You should not be The final altar crumbles, and the last of 
your strength at an alarming rate. A here, but the only way to banish this the shadow falls away from the creature. It 
green pain creeping behind your eyes. agony is to keep moving forward. is now exposed in both realms, and there 
Destroying the altars dulls it a bit, but is nowhere left to run for either side. It is 
then it just comes screaming back, time to finish this.

Special Rules
4 5 Place the destroying character in A 

or the closest empty hex to it and any 
of their summons and tokens in empty 
hexes adjacent to them.

The two Harbinger of Shadow figures 
no longer share hit points. Harbinger 
of Shadow 1 retains its current hit 
point value and is now active, but 
Harbinger of Shadow 2 now has 
Hx(C-1)/2, where H is Harbinger of 
Shadow 1’s current hit point value. 
Harbinger of Shadow 2 is no longer 
immune to damage. The Harbinger of 

3 Shadow is considered dead when both 
figures are dead.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
69



 70.1 • The Dead Mile (37)

Undead are a sure sign that nothing Several pale shapes shake loose from the Special Rules
good lies ahead. The creatures dwell piles. Metal arms and legs scrape their At the start of each round, spawn one 
where death and decay linger. It comes way out and, before you can think, several Living Spirit at any empty starting 
as no surprise, then, that shortly after machines manage to pull themselves free hex. It is normal for two characters, 
leaving the undead behind you find more from the mass graves. They clamber into elite each second spawning for three 
corruption. the hallway like awkward puppets, and characters, or elite for four characters.

just behind you comes the familiar sound 
Huge mounds of discarded skeletons of spirits returning for another fight.
have been heaped on either side of this Section Links
hallway—the remains of humans and When door 2 is opened, read 81.5.
Quatryls, left here to molder. The smell is 
intense. Stale blood and dry rot stings your 
throat, but you must move forward.

As you do, you notice that other things are 
mixed in with the dead. Bits of metal and 
glass glimmer in the low light: cracked 
mechanical shells and half-bent legs, old 1 2
tools ruined and tossed away. This is a 
junk chute, a tunnel where refuse is left 
for time to pick over. But not everything 56
here has accepted that fate. The bodies are 
starting to move.

 70.2 •  Retires  70.3 • Ancient Spire (15)

“My power is waning,” the Boneshaper Conclusion a number of the automatons had been 
says distractedly. “The plane I draw life It’s over. The demon lies ruined beneath carrying their cargo when you first 
force from—it seems to be running dry.” you, its life ebbing slowly out, but still,  entered 23 .
 it speaks.
You give the Boneshaper a quizzical look Second, the beam of light. Standing 
and they sigh with exasperation. “It has “Your efforts mean nothing. Our close to it, you can feel its sickly energy 
nothing to do with me. These things just machinations are ageless. We will gather radiating outward, and yet there is a 
happen—worlds and planes grow, live, and our power and turn this world to ash.” It’s warmth to it that is not entirely repellent. 
die, just like you mortals. It just happens glossy eyes swivel toward the tower above, It’s like some immense tropical waterfall 
on a much larger time scale so you don’t and a terrible smile curls over its face. flowing in reverse.
notice it. I’m sure one day this plane will “Even now my kin prepare to destroy you 
die, as well.” mortal upstarts and your failed outpost.” Acting on a hunch, you grab a hunk of 
 ruined machine from the floor and toss 
They stare into the sky for a moment, lost The demon tries to laugh but the effort it into the light. It hovers there, begins 
in thought. “Regardless, I must leave for a pushes it over the edge. The creature’s to fall, and then vanishes from sight. A 
time, to search out a new, vibrant plane to body swells and then sinks down, second later, you hear a soft metal clang 
draw from. I should be back shortly.” breaking its physical barriers and from somewhere up above, and you 
 dissolving into a slick of prismatic fluid understand. Teleportation magic is a fickle 
The Boneshaper stands and begins to fade that seeps through the grates below you, thing, but if you decide to investigate the 
from sight, before snapping back into leaving only a greasy smear behind. upper levels of this tower, at least you now 
focus and turning to you. “Shortly for me, have a way up 24 .
anyway. You may be dead by the time I However, with the demon’s passing you 
return.” They shrug and then disappear. notice that the machines—what few were 

still hanging on—suddenly drop to the Rewards
floor, dormant. A connection, perhaps, Gain 1 collective , 1 collective 

Section Links between them and the infernal creature. , and 1 collective .  
Add 89.3 to the calendar in six  
weeks. Taking stock of the chamber again, you New Scenarios: 

find two points worthy of inspection. Spire Basement 23  ,  
First is a stairwell leading down, where Upper Spire 24  

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
70



 71.1 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  71.2 • Relief Effort (40)

You stare down at the odd, star-shaped Conclusion “especially with those mechanical things 
tracks in the snow. You’ve heard rumors of When the battle is over, hardly a single lurking around. So I want you to help us 
a creature that could make something like shelter is left standing. Torn metal limbs, find a place where we can be safe. Our 
this, but what is it doing here? And, more smoldering branches, and hundreds of legends tell of an island far out north 
importantly, how did it escape? Buried in iron bolts lay strewn among the wreckage. in the Biting Sea, a place called Frai’d 
the snow, you also find a small pack with a The machines have been put down, but Tog—the Shining Land—that will give us 
few provisions. the Snowspeakers have been pushed to the shelter from the Icespeakers and the other 

brink. Those that can walk shuffle around dangers of the mainland.”
in shock, kicking the ruins of their crude 

Special Rules shelters. Others just stand there and stare. You can’t help but show a little skepticism, 
The character occupying or adjacent since, from what you know, there is 
to hex F gains two loot tokens. Gain And yet, not all of them have fallen nothing in the Biting Sea but salt water 
“Brummix” campaign sticker. into despondency—one Algox still and death, and it would seem you’re not 

appears to have hope. She darts between the only one who thinks so.
the wounded, assessing each with the 
confident hand of a veteran healer, though An older Snowspeaker—one with a 
she appears young. She’s draped in a splinted leg and a missing left hand—

 71.3 • Scrap Pit (35) tattered leather parka, and her neck is shuffles up to the conversation.
adorned with half a dozen bead-and-bone 

“No good, no good!” Crain laments. “I necklaces that jangle when she moves. It “Frai’d Tog is a pup’s tale, young one,” he 
must have picked that pile clean on my doesn’t take long for her to reach you. growls. “It is for telling on stormy nights 
last visit. But that one over there looks when the wind blows strong. It is not real.”
promising” He begins to trundle off into “Oh the divine eye must still be on us. 
the darkness, and you prepare to make up You arrived at just the right moment.” The The young Algox just smiles harder.
for his recklessness. Algox greets you, introducing herself as 

Denpang. “I have a request to make of “It is real. I know it’s where we must go. 
you.” I have studied the legends, and I believe 

Special Rules I know how to get there. Please, will you 
Crain’s current goal is now debris C, It strikes you as odd that this Algox help us? Will you help find the island and 
which is on the other side of door 1. should act so warmly, especially since make sure it’s safe for our arrival?”
If that door is closed, Crain can enter you played such a large role in her 
and open it. current predicament, but she has a certain 

optimistic bent that lends itself to quick Rewards
trust. Or perhaps she can see the injury Lose 1 inspiration. Gain 2 

Section Links you carry—the scars that brought you additional loot cards each. 
At the start of any round, when there here.  
are three damage tokens on debris C, New Scenario: Blizzard Island 48
read 117.3. “Our current home, this camp, can’t 

sustain us for much longer,” she says, 

 71.4 • Flotsam (73)  71.5 • Depths of Delirium (27)

Conclusion Special Rules
“Scaleless fools!” The Fish King roars. “I The scenario is complete.
will retrieve the final piece of the scale 
and then crush your sad little outpost. 
I’ll crush everything!” He thrashes about Rewards

36
the water in anger and then disappears Gain 3 collective . 
beneath the waves.

You return to Lihrey, rowing the boat as Section Links 5
quickly as you can back to Frosthaven. Add 146.1 to the calendar in five 
Luckily, you get him to a healer in time, weeks.
but he’s in quite terrible shape. He’ll need 
to spend some time convalescing before 
he can help in retrieving the final piece of 
the scale.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
71



 72.1 • The Frosthaven Seal (64)

There is no avoiding the chaos. Demon the temple’s courtyard, billows skyward, name. But Frosthaven is your home and you 
bodies spill over walls, slick limbs and then, like an immense barrel of powder will not let it fall. No, you will not.
clawing over each other to breach your thrown into a bonfire, it bursts wide. Brick 
line, hundreds of greedy hands reaching, and timber and stone explode, and debris 
reaching for flesh and skin. Arrows fly crashes everywhere. Rocks sink through Special Rules
into the horde like rain and evaporate. The buildings like cold meteors. Human and Relocate all characters, character 
enemy is relentless. Even as you defend demon bodies tumble like dolls. The Oak summons, and Guard Captains from 
one wall, another cries out for aid. Men itself plummets to the ground a dozen feet any of the outer tiles to the closest 
and women shout, fleeing from demons away, completely uprooted, broken. lettered hexes on tile 15‑A, or the 
that have breached your flank, and all the closest empty hex to them if they are 
while, you must protect Crain and the Oak. What stands in its place is impossible. What not empty (E for tile 7‑E, F for tile 

stands in its place wrenches at the base 11‑E, G for tiles 2‑A and 2‑C, and H 
Now and then, you spot heroes rising above of your skull, upending a basic principle for tile 13‑E), then remove these tiles 
the madness. Satha, atop a crumbling roof, of this realm. A violation. A gargantuan and everything on them from the map.
howling orders at her guard. Moonshard, gnarled limb, molded from abyssal black 
flitting between the waves of carapace, shell—a colossal, jointed obelisk—has At the start of each round, spawn one 
splashes of black gore flying in her wake. burst from the ground, a spider’s leg large Burrowing Blade at G. It is normal 
Even Terra takes up the fight. She moves enough to annihilate the entire outpost.  for two characters, elite each second 
slowly and carries no weapon, but any spawn for three characters, or elite for 
demon that approaches her is cut down “It’s only a part of it,” says a weak voice— four characters.
with the flick of her wrist, an unseen blade Crain. He’s limping out from some nearby 
shearing their bodies in two. wreckage, his contraption now reduced Replace the tree with the Vestige of 

to a single leg that he’s using for support. the Imprisoned God. It occupies all 
Even still, the battle never slows. Armor “The seal is complete, but I couldn’t three hexes the tree did and is immune 
breaks. Leathers tear. Swords snap against stop this. A part of the Harbinger broke to forced movement. All its attacks 
twisted carapace, and guards resort to their through. It’s trying to destroy the seal.” can target figures at any range but are 
fists. Frosthaven fights with everything considered melee attacks.
it has, and so do you. The few souls that The limb swings downward like a living 
populate this outpost, the hardened and tower and crashes through a line of 
lost, you all fight together, unblinking guards, scattering them like sticks. Boss Special 1
against a grisly tide. The Vestige of the Imprisoned God 

Screams. performs:  
At some point, you can’t be sure when, +0,
there comes a pause. The constant chatter Terror boils over, a black stew, smothering 
of shrikes and phantom screeches that the flame of battle. 
fill your ears, tormenting you, suddenly Boss Special 2
eases, and a deep, primordial dread People drop their weapons and flee. This The Vestige of the Imprisoned God 
blooms in your stomach: a cold fear is an impossible fight. Terra was right: this creates 1-hex difficult terrain tiles in the 
spreading. It is here. force is beyond any mortal. No one could hexes occupied by each character. If any 

contend with such a thing. But if that’s of those hexes is already difficult terrain, 
You must protect Crain. true, why are you marching toward it? it is replaced with hazardous terrain 

instead. Then the Vestige performs: 
You turn. Move for the temple. Run. Faster. Frosthaven is nothing special. This place—  3 
Faster still. You leap over dropped logs, an outpost—it’s nothing but a few rough  2,  all,  3 
maimed bodies. You race, you sprint, you buildings huddled against the cold. It’s a At the end of the round, any character 
charge for the doors—they are so close. town for the weird and the lost, for people who did not attack the Vestige this 
But the ground swells beneath you and the rejected from better places. It is no kingdom. round suffers trap damage.
temple of the Oak rises up. The earth itself, No glory lives here and no bards to sing its 

 72.2 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  72.3 • Furious Factory (109)

Though it’s hard to tell at first, once you With the final console destroyed, the Special Rules
get up close, you see this poor adventurer alarms have somehow become even Replace the glowing orb with one 
is a woman, so clearly not the guy you’re more strident. The crystal briefly recedes Steel Automaton. It is normal for two 
looking for. beneath the ground, and then, a hulking characters, or elite for three or four 

contraption holding the crystal in its chest characters. This is the Central Processor.
rises in its place. Of course it can’t be easy.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
72



 73.1 • The Collection (87)

After searching the cages and not finding latest experiment: humans. They have Special Rules
your quarry, you move deeper into the proved to be the most valuable of all of my The Flaming Bladespinner cannot 
facility. You enter some sort of laboratory subjects. Not so willful.” perform move abilities and is immune 
and find both of the brothers. They are tied to forced movement.
down in the center of the room, a circular The two young men see you and cry out 
machine of flames and blades spinning for help, while also trying to fight off the A and B represent the brothers, allies 
between them. “I see you have found my spinning death robot. to you and enemies to all monsters. 

Each has Cx(L+2) hit points and a base 
attack value of 4, cannot perform any 
move abilities and is immune to forced 
movement. At the start of each round, 
reveal one Boss monster ability card to 
determine their actions, with A being 

A B lower than B in initiative order for the 
purpose of focusing. Whenever they 
perform an attack ability, only brother 
A performs it, unless he is dead, in 
which case brother B performs it. If 
both brothers die, the scenario is lost.

Boss Special 1
One brother performs: 

+0

Boss Special 2

4 Brother B performs: 
 2,  all allies,  2

 73.2 • The Savvas Seal (63)

Conclusion the Shattersong have spoken. One of them A moment later, Crain appears at your 
These Savvas will never relent. Not while has just shouted a single word, but in a side, his large contraption folded under his 
you threaten to cut off the corruptive tongue you cannot understand. arm. But there is a paleness to his skin and 
influence of the Harbinger. This evil force his eyes are wide with worry.
has spent centuries fostering these beings The few of the Shattersong who helped 
of rock, grooming them into an army. carve the tunnel, move into the center “About our discussion from earlier,” Crain 
And now you will set them free with one of the dome. There is no ignoring them. says quickly. “I know where the third seal 
fell swoop. They stand proud, their crystalline bodies is, where the Harbinger is pouring all its 

pulsing along with the seal’s red thrum, energy.”
Crain’s device has finished: the rings of their dark eyes lifted up. Even the most 
white now hum above the Harbinger’s seal grizzled Savvas stop and watch them. He shakes his head, seeming to search for 
and the ancient magic is recharged in full, another answer, hoping there is a mistake 
turning a deep vibrant red. You expect the With the source of corruption cut off, in his calculations. You tell him to say 
Savvas to keep coming, to lash out at you the Savvas now listen to their crystalline it, and so he does, low and in a hoarse 
with even more fury, but something in brethren as they explain the terrible will whisper: “Frosthaven.”
them has changed. of the Harbinger and how the Shattersong 

live apart from its influence. The Savvas 
With the seal now at full strength, the civilization is not doomed, but has been Rewards
stony warriors move with less vigor. There set free. There is confusion, of course, but Gain 2 prosperity. 
is confusion in their eyes: confusion and also acceptance. The Shattersong resolve  
pain. You’ve done something to their to remain here; to help lead the Savvas in a New Scenario: 
power. Then a noise—a shout—so loud new direction away from malevolence that Frosthaven Seal 64  
it carries over the battlefield like a bell sleeps below them.
reverberating off the high dome above—

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
73



 74.1 • The Frosthaven Seal (64)

Conclusion sizzle in the guard’s torches like so many People stir. Guards lift their comrades 
You aren’t sure when it happens, when the whispering moths. You will miss it. from the dirt, slowly, cautiously, and 
thing—the segment of the Harbinger— seek out the injured. Fires are dowsed. 
stops. You only pause to breathe through “Begone,” a voice cracks. You open your Satha, limping but alive, barks orders and 
the fire in your lungs and realize that the eyes and see Crain and Terra. They’re marches past. 
world has gone quiet. kneeling over the Harbinger’s seal, their 

hands pressed down into the vibrant purple Cooks make for the stores and emerge 
The behemoth is still. Its body is a light, manipulating some remnant of with casks. 
colossal, broken steeple. Sickly black Crain’s device, re-engaging it. A burst of 
slime oozes down its side. Its shell is light pulses from where they’re touching Crain ambles over, slaps a hand against 
cracked, dented, battered, feathered with and spreads outward. The black obelisk, your back, but he says nothing. You both 
arrows. It will fall. It will come crashing the falling immensity of it, slows, stops. watch in silence. Here is a town, a tiny 
down directly where you stand but there It hangs, suspended only feet above you, settlement, carved inch by inch out of 
is no running. The wounded lay scattered held by the light of the seal. the wilderness. For half of the year, it is 
and they know it too—you all do. Your cut off and wholly unreachable. It has 
body is wasted. You can barely breathe, The energy grows. It splinters over the survived demons and ghouls and every 
much less flee, and somehow this feels obelisk, zigzagging arcane bolts, covering wild beast that walks the north. It has 
right. It is done. Frosthaven will stand. the slick colossus until the whole of it is survived the wind and the storms and the 
You just hope whoever the capital sends vibrating with volatile energy. Standing darkness itself. And now you watch as, 
next, those unwitting souls, you hope they this close, with your face tilted up: it’s like once again, Frosthaven rises.
learn to love this place as you did. standing next to an eclipse. The light grows. 

Everything shakes, cracks, and all at once 
The shadow grows. The abyssal body tips the limb rips out of this reality entirely. Rewards
and falls and your mind goes back to your Gone. In its place is dust and a cleaved shell. Gain 3 morale and 3 prosperity. 
first day here. You remember Satha, how Gain 3  each. 
she smiled despite the flames. The Algox. For a time no one moves. Everything is 
The snow. You’ve never said anything ruined. Fire gutters in the distance. The outer Open the scenario flowchart 
before, but you’ve learned to appreciate walls are flattened and heaped with demon window to the right of The 
the snow, especially on those quiet nights bodies. Clouds have gathered overhead, Frosthaven Seal 64  and apply the 
when everyone is asleep and the flakes ambivalent to your struggle, and a new sticker over the completed scenario.
fall big and downy like cotton, how they snow has begun to fall. Soon it will cover 

everything in a fresh, cleansing powder.

 74.2 • Upper Spire (24)  74.3 • Unfettered Shard (41)

Well, it worked last time. You keep your Section Links Conclusion
eyes open this time so that you can see the When all revealed enemies are dead You plunge the final piece of stone back 
new foes materialize around you. and any character occupies a corridor into the pedestal and the night demons are 

on tile 4-B, after applying any pulled back into their ancient prison. The 
numbered effect, read 12.5. room settles into renewed quiet.

Special Rules
Place any figure occupying a corridor With the shard now in your possession, 
on tile 8-A in any empty corridor hex you find little reason to stay in this part of 
on tile 4-B. From now on, whenever the catacombs. You pocket your treasure 
any figure enters a corridor hex on and start the long journey back out of 
tile 8-A, after applying a numbered these tunnels.
effect, place them in any empty 
corridor hex on tile 8-A (if able), and 
apply a numbered effect for it, as well. Rewards
No figure can travel from tile 4-B to Gain 15 gold each.  
tile 8-A, and there is no line-of-sight Gain 2 collective . Gain “Coral 
or focus between rooms. Character Shard” campaign sticker.
summons on tile 8-A focus on the 
nearest empty corridor hex.

Section Links
Read 36.7 now.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
74



 75.1 • Heart of Ice (4)

Read this narrative text if Algox Icespeaker bludgeons the air and ground Special Rules
Scouting 2  is complete. with brutal strikes. The Frozen Fist and Snowdancer are 

enemies to both you and each other. 
With the final group of guards dispatched, You only get a few moments to observe the Draw a separate Boss monster ability 
you move forward into the heart of the fight before you notice that several of the card for each one each round. All other 
mountain. The central chamber opens like combatants are waiting to see what you monsters cannot focus on or target 
a cavernous maw, ice and blood and bodies do, but you can afford to wait no longer. If either boss in any way, and vice versa. 
writhing in battle. In the center of the room you’re going to buy security for Frosthaven, If either boss dies and the scenario goal 
hangs an enormous shard of pearlescent you’ll have to help finish this fight. It’s time is not fulfilled, the scenario is lost.
ice, and for a moment, you simply stare at to pick a side.
it. The shard rotates slowly in the air, held 
aloft by some otherworldly means. Clearly, Read this narrative text if Algox 
a great power does reign here. Offensive 3  is complete. 1

Your Algox companion steps forward, You move up into the main chamber to 
drawing looks of both terror and relief from see the two chieftains locked in mortal 
those already in combat. Their eyes move combat around the massive crystal of 
over the chamber floor and lock onto a large ice in the center of the room. The Algox 
figure standing on the other side: a huge behind you no longer give chase. They 
Algox who has just emerged from another are  waiting to see what you do, but you 
passage—the other chieftain, who tilts their can afford to wait no longer. If you’re 
head back and releases a long, angry roar. going to buy security for Frosthaven, 1

you’ll have to help finish this fight. It’s 
Your companion roars back and the two time to pick a side.
chiefs charge and crash near the center 
of the room, blasting open a gap in the 
battle. Both are clearly more skilled than 70
the other fighters, and each moves with 
a surety gained from authority. Thunder 
cracks around the Snowspeaker, and the 

 75.2 • Skyhall (19)  75.3 • The Way Forward (38)

Scenario Goals shatters, but something is revealed beneath Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all six it—a glowing crystal of black ice jutting The emissaries on the spirit plane 
dark fogs have been destroyed. At the upward like a thorn. now focus on moving adjacent to the 
end of that round, read 58.1. glowing orb.

“There!” The chief shouts. “They have 
corrupted Skyhall itself. We must purge 

No matter how many wraiths you destroy, their devilry. Destroy the pillars.” Section Links
the tide never seems to ebb. They rise like Return to 23.1 to reference its 
infernal vapor and come at you, each one special rules, if necessary. 
more furious than the last. Special Rules

Replace any one altar with dark fog.
“Something is wrong,” the chief huffs. “No 
Snowspeaker could control so many spirits. All altars can now be damaged. 
There must be something here that spurs Each has Cx(L+2) hit points. They 
their anger.” He raises his fists in the air and are enemies to you and allies to all 
beseeches them. “Show me what is wrong, monsters. Whenever any altar is 
spirits. Please, tell me what I must do!” destroyed, replace it with one dark fog. 2
The answer comes in fitting form. The Each dark fog has Cx(L+2) hit points. 
ground shifts violently, your feet nearly They are enemies to both you and all 
sliding out from under you, and a huge monsters, with an initiative of 01 for 
shard of ice breaks from the ceiling, the purpose of focusing. 16
crashing into a pillar below. The icy plinth 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
75



 76.1 • Relic (79)

You still have a ways to go to get out of 
the cave with the cube. While you were 
dealing with the ice creatures, more of 
them were lurking around the exit, which 
malicious undead have now blocked with 08
walls of ice. You realize you will need to 
use the cube to break through.

Special Rules
If sled B moves at least one hex and 
is blocked by either ice pillar D, then 
it destroys that ice pillar.

Section Links 1
When either ice pillar D is destroyed, 
read 85.3.

D

D

 76.2 • Black Memories (121)  76.3 • Mindthief Found

You move into the final room of the Upon closer inspection, however, you It’s been many weeks since you hired 
crypt. As the psychic energy increases its notice a darker patch in the floor. There’s her, but Kefra the tracker finally returns 
pressure tenfold, you expect to confront a hole. Its circumference is only large to update you about her search for the 
the Mindthief, and perhaps another enough for one of you to descend at a time. Mindthief.
cobbled-together contraption.

“I’ve found your quarry,” she says. “Or 
Instead, you’re faced with nothing. A dark Section Links rather, evidence of her. Around the 
room, empty, even of ghosts. The first time any character enters outskirts of the city of Gloomhaven, far 

dark fog A or B, read 100.1. to the southeast, is an old burial mound 
called the Black Barrow. There have been 
reports of individual Vermlings behaving 
strangely, but the local colonies are 
avoiding the place. Travelers nearby have 
also exhibited the same symptoms as the 
guards the Mindthief was experimenting 

A B upon.”

That sounds promising, but Kefra warns 
that the road to Gloomhaven is long and 
arduous. It may take extra time to travel 
there and back.

Rewards

2 New Scenario: Black Memories 121

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
76



Locked Down
 77.1 • Puzzle Solution  77.2 • The Collection (87)

Everything is set. Crain’s gyroscopic what I’ve got. Maybe it was those caves, “Willful, willful Lurkers! They have an 
workbench is prepped. A vial of dark you know? Not easy on the mind, all that abundance of stamina and intelligence, but 
energy hums on his desk. And the device, hallucinating and whatnot.” accompanied by such willfulness! When 
the one that will create these symbols of I tried to drain their energy, their psychic 
power, is mounted inside the gyroscope, He lurches over to the fire and prepares power nearly tore me apart from the 
waiting to be charged. From here it looks another pot of tea. You turn your attention inside. Horrible creatures!”
like a ship’s wheel bolted atop a tripod, but back to the book. The riddle, you assume, 
instead of wood, the wheel is made of all was left as a sort of protection: a final bit 
variety of crystal and glass and metal. of cypher to prevent the wrong person 

from replicating Logren’s work. The 
You and Crain are seated by the fire, texts cypher itself isn’t terribly difficult, but 
and documents stacked all around as you you’ve not been able to figure out where 27
try to unknot the final riddle from Project to draw the reference material. You pull 
Source: the calibration instructions. over Crain’s notes and see if, somehow, it 

makes sense this time.
The workshop has been quiet for an hour, 3
except for the occasional crackles from the 
fireplace, when suddenly Crain lunges up Rewards
from his chair and lets out a groan. Turn to the next page in the puzzle 

book.
“I’ve hit the wall,” he says. “My brain is a 
bag of oats. It’s bad now. Bad brain, that’s 

 77.3 • Algox Scouting (2)

Conclusion opening just like the Algox. As you float opening to launch an attack of their own.
The ice barrier shatters with a great ear- down, you get a grand view of the majestic 
splitting crack and you look down through open cavern that must be the Skyhall. It “But there is no more time for speech,” she 
the hole to a chamber far below. A stone is a circular layout of stone seats with a says decisively. “The battle must be raging 
floor covered in strange runic symbols and raised platform in the center that holds an in the mountain’s heart, so if you want my 
a spiral of pedestals radiating out from its ornate altar. help, we must head there with all haste.” 
center—Skyhall, it would seem. However, With that, the Snowspeaker chieftain turns 
it’s much too far to simply jump. The priest is doing something at the and moves to a tunnel leading deeper into 

altar—perhaps praying—when you land, the mountain.
“Ha! Finally it’s open.” You turn to see but she quickly turns and introduces 
the Algox you rescued staring forward. herself as Lanprul, explaining the You’re not sure which side you should 
She nods with a confident, satisfied frown. situation. take here, but you know this information 
“Those foul Icespeakers cannot hope to is valuable. If you can help turn the tide 
keep this mountain now.” According to her, this mountain— in the Snowspeakers’ favor, you might be 

Snowscorn—is a site of great religious able to broker a truce with the victors. You 
She bends down and grabs a handful significance to all Algox. However, the follow the priest deeper into the mountain, 
of snow, testing it between her fingers. clans in the area are divided into two wondering whether this is what Satha had 
Satisfied, she brings it to her face and rival factions who disagree violently in mind.
whispers. The white powder flies from her over how to communicate with their god. 
hand and swirls around her. Whirling like The Snowspeakers—led by the priest in 
a miniature storm, the snow lifts her off front of you—believe their god speaks to 
the ground and carries her gently down them through the snow falling from the Rewards
through the hole. heavens, while the Icespeakers—or “dirt- Gain 1  each. 

lovers”—claim to commune with divinity Place map overlay sticker W on the 
“Ah,” the Algox calls to you from below, through ice that emerges from the ground map in location W (M7). 
“Are you not coming? Plenty more below.  
Icespeakers to kill.” New Scenario:  

Currently, the Icespeakers inhabit the Heart of Ice 4   
On cue, the snow around you swirls into mountain, but when their war party went  
a great eddy of white and lifts you like out to attack Frosthaven and returned Locked Out Scenario:  
a leaf, carrying you down through the battle-weary, the Snowspeakers used the Algox Offensive 3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
77



 78.1 • Abael Stash  78.2 • Glowing Catacombs (9)

You open the chest and find all manner You continue on, passing into the next Section Links
of books and art created by the Abaeli in chamber to find a narrow cavern where When any door 2 is opened,  
their own language. You decide it’s not fallen stone has made it difficult to read 26.1.
worth your time to weigh yourself down traverse. Here the green light is even 
with this stuff, but one piece of art does stronger, and a warm breeze jostles the 
particularly catch your eye. It depicts a dead air. It’s not entirely upsetting, this 
beautiful, expansive Abael underwater warmth, but you gird yourself nonetheless. 
city and above it, completely and utterly Beyond your footsteps,  
dwarfing the city, a massive scaled serpent there is silence.
swims. This must be the Leviathan, but 
you got the impression that the thing 
was long-dead. This piece of art looks 
relatively new. It could be a bit of fantasy, 2
of course, but it makes you wonder what 
giant, god-like creatures may still be down 2
in the depths of the ocean.

2
 78.3 • Corrupted Camp (39)

Special Rules
Reduce the Algox Guard’s current hit 
point value to (L+X)x2 (if able), where 
X is the number of damage tokens on 
door 3.

1
3

 78.4 • Garden Built

Once complete, the garden draws face tranquil, Listeritus queries you about enjoys the scent just the same. “It is 
young and old alike to contribute to its your collection excursions outside of transporting,” Listeritus says, closing its 
maintenance. In the summer, it will Frosthaven. “If you’d like to plant a sample eyes and leaning over the waft of steam, 
grow arctic flowers and edible green of what you find here, you will be able to evidently glad for a break in a busy day.
tin-berries; in the winter months, root propagate more of them for your use.” 
vegetables and squash.

Listeritus is patient with your many Rewards
Among the rows, you greet Listeritus, gardening questions and ends the day Add event SO-57 to the summer 
a Savvas who is busy tending to tea brewing you a cup of tea. As a Savvas, outpost deck and event SR-46 to the 
plants. Guiding you around, its rocky Listeritus only consumes rocks, but it summer road deck.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
78



Locked Down
 79.1 • A Giant Block of Ice (72)  79.2 • Underground Station (96)

Conclusion “This ice is magically imbued. I Conclusion
The giant sentinel’s runes go dark as its unfortunately cannot melt this here, I need to You rush down the staircase and away 
lifeless mass collapses to the floor. Getting get this back to the workshop in Frosthaven.” from the automated systems hell-bent 
the ice block outside turns out to be much Melted ice here or melted ice back home on your demise. They stop where they 
easier now that everything is not trying to makes no difference to you. You’re just stand, uninterested in chasing you farther 
“eradicate” you. happy to finally rest after that endeavor. underground. With no place else to go, you 

continue your way through the passages. 
You load the bulky block onto the You’re about to give up and brave riding 
Cinnabar and Lihrey takes some time Rewards the rail line back home when the corridor 
to inspect the ice-encased piece of the Gain 1  each. opens into a wide lobby of sorts. Rushing 
Leviathan scale. He uses his instruments around are small robots, scrubbing and 
to take some readings, then frowns and New Scenario: Flotsam 73  polishing the metal floor to a pristine 
gives a little cough. shine.

A set of elongated metal arms strapped 
to the ceiling pivots around, twisting and 

 79.3 • Collection’s Capstone (88) analyzing you from a distance. Satisfied 
with its evaluation, it addresses you in 

The next room holds several more cages a modulated robotic tone: “UNCLEAN 
filled with Lurkers. As you start to walk CONTAMINANTS WILL BE PURGED 
through the room, the cage doors swing FROM THE PROGRAMMING CLEAN 
open. The screeching noise swells as they ROOM.”
skitter out toward you. 2

Rewards
Section Links Gain 1 morale. Gain 5  each.
When door 2 is opened, read  

25.1. New Scenario: 

1 Program Control Nexus 97  

 79.4 • Puzzle Solution

A single row of metal shells—Unfettered “That’s why they’re so strong; why they Your eyebrow rises skeptically.
brought back from your latest foray—lie don’t rust. Logren mentions it in her study. 
arranged on the floor of Crain’s room. She said her team used this treatment “I didn’t name it—you can blame my 
Each one is damaged beyond repair, when they worked on the symbol of ancestors for that. But I do have a way to 
crushed or pierced, destroyed in battle power.” This is the first you’ve heard of detect it, so we won’t be going in blind.” 
or by the elements. He stands over them, such a thing, and it sounds like something He directs you to the far end of his bench 
scribbling in a book. An oil lamp on the that will require another quest. where a small cage is sitting, all strung 
floor casts his shadow against the far wall. with cord and glass vials. You saw it 

“The symbol of power is everything,” when you first entered, but you’d taken 
“Makes you wonder what else we’ve Crain waxes. “But it isn’t an object at all. it as garbage. “This can detect the metal 
forgotten,” he says. “Metallurgical It’s a symbol, a seal, and there’s more than within a relatively small radius. It’s nearly 
technique,” he taps an Unfettered foot with one of them. But they are created with an ready. And I know it sounds risky, I know 
his lead stylus. “Automated mechanics,” object.” Crain leads you to his desk, where what’s in the Copperneck Mountains, 
he taps a head. “The Unfettered were a drawing of a three-legged contraption is but—” Crain hesitates. His voice becomes 
built by Quatryl some time ago. But their featured prominently. low, serious. “There isn’t a way around it. 
construction, how their limbs are joined, This will be hard, very hard, but we need 
the way they move—that’s all been lost. “The symbols of power, the seals, are to do it.”
Look here.” Crain turns over one of the created with this device, but in order to 
machine’s breastplates and shines his light build it, I still need a few things. The most 
where it’s been pierced. pressing, I believe, is this.” He pulls out Rewards

Torfi’s journal, turns a few pages, and New Scenario: Life and Death 61
“This metal is treated.” He angles the taps on an illustration of a cuboid stone, a 
metal and it shimmers like fish scales. mineral of some sort. “Star iron.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
79



 80.1 • Fleeting Permanence (52)  80.2 • Change of Heart (55)

The Heart of Ice levitates in the air just She hands you the relic and you feel its 
as it did all those weeks ago—a great, power surge through your limbs. A wave 
pearlescent shard suspended just above the of clarity washes over your mind—a 
floor. It will need to be cracked open to centering force that calms your breath and 

1 drive the Unyielding Shard inside. brings to you a new focus.

“You should not have returned,” a 
66 booming voice calls out. You recognize Special Rules

the new Algox chieftain as the one who The large ice crystal has 4xCx(L+2) 
fought against your mission of peace. hit points. It is an enemy to you and 
“This mountain is ours now. And we will an ally to all monsters.
not rest until you and all other heretics 
have been destroyed!” If the  class box is unlocked, 

set up the  miniature and use 
Gurndel offers you the Unyielding Shard, the Snowdancer boss stat card. 

 80.3 • Guardian’s Temple (110) her breath ragged from the fight. “We Otherwise, set up the  miniature 
are too worn for this. You must reach the and use the Frozen Fist boss stat card. 

Conclusion Heart of Ice and embed the shard yourself. For the purpose of its abilities, the 
With a thundering explosion, the final We entrust you with this task, warm- Boss treats all elements as strong.
rock column comes crashing to the ground bloods.”
and you can feel the electricity leave the 
room. The thundering, however, doesn’t 
stop. The entire cavern begins to shake, 
stalactites fall, and you realize this whole 
cavern will soon collapse in on itself.

With what little time you have left, you 
leap forward and grab the scroll from the 
now defenseless altar, and rush back out 
the way you came. Everything crumbles 
right behind you as you race up to the 
surface, finally bursting from the mouth 1
of the cave along with a heavy cloud of 
rubble and dust.

Rewards 41
Gain “Rose Gauntlet” 

075  blueprint.

 80.4 • Ancient Coin

You settle into a booth at the Boiled Crab his jaw drops. He hollers to Dinah across Yeah, this is one of them.” She drops it 
tavern, ready to reveal the mysterious the room. “Look what they found! One of unceremoniously back onto the tabletop, 
coin you found to the Vermling proprietor, those coins! We’re going to be rich!” then loudly clears her throat as she walks 
Dinah Snapclaw. Before you have a off to service another table.
chance to get her attention, your almost- You join Dinah in frowning at Xain. 
friend Xain catches your eye. He rushes “What? Would we even be this far were “Oh, she’s excited. That’s her excited 
over, excited. it not for my expert matchmaking? That’s walk.” Xain rubs his hands together, 

what businesspeople call a ‘finder’s fee’. looking at your party across the table. 
“Oh wow—you found one, didn’t you? I Look it up!” “What are you going to spend your share 
can see it on your faces. You found one of of the treasure on? Because I actually have 
those pirate treasure coins?” You place the She ignores him, scooping the coin off a business idea I’ve been meaning to tell 
ancient coin you found onto the table and the wooden table. “Let me see. Hmph. you about…”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
80



 81.1 • Random Scenario  81.2 • Infiltrating the Lair (75)

You lift the massive chunk of stone to instructions, which, if you were to follow At the far end of this narrow hallway, you 
inspect it and note its specific, wedge-like them, would lead you to the archway that see many Abeali rushing toward you to 
shape and smooth edges. This stone has a is waiting for this stone. defend the castle. That ceiling must come 
purpose, you realize. It is a keystone—the down to stop their approach.
top of an archway—the stone on which 
all other stones depend for support. And Rewards
somehow, though you’re not sure why, you New Scenario: Special Rules
know where it goes. Or rather, what you Guardian’s Temple 110 When any character ends their turn 
need to do to get there. As you meditate adjacent to either A, the hallway is 
on it, a path forms in your mind— considered blocked. Any enemies 

occupying either A die.

 81.3 • Crackling Tunnel (31) Section Links
The first time a hallway is blocked, 

Conclusion Whatever is housed down here, it was read 167.3.
You leave a trail behind you: heaps of clearly important long ago, but has long 
metal discarded to either side of the since been forgotten. It looks as safe a 
tunnel, ruined machines marking your place as any to take a rest.
way back. You dispatch the last of the 
defenders and continue on your way. The 2 A
tunnel extends onward. Rewards

Gain 5  and 10 gold each.
You begin to notice changes in the  A
structure. There are fewer signs of traffic New Scenario: Unfettered Shard 41
and the ancient walls look pristine. 

 81.4 • Tome of Life  81.5 • The Dead Mile (37)

You encourage Eddica to join the ritual You’ve turned the hallway into a scattered Special Rules
just in case. At her instruction you mess of broken bones and dashed oily Remove everything on tile 7-F from 
stand on two runes drawn with salt on flesh, and yet, the dead keep coming. You the map, except door 1, connect it to 
the hardwood floor. She completes the run and burst into the next section of the right of tile 7-H, and set it up as 
majority of the incantation from behind the hall only to find more piles of dead. shown. If any character or character 
her desk, but joins you for the last few To make matters worse, several of the summon is removed in this way, place 
words, stepping into the salt-circles. gauzy ethereal shapes from before are them, in initiative order, in unoccupied 

materializing in the air—more wraiths, hexes closest to door 1.
“Here goes,” she says, finishing the spell shrill and wanton.
and shutting her eyes tightly. It doesn’t At the start of each round, instead of 
seem to hurt… ah, there it is. Eddica spawning Living Spirits, now spawn 
collapses with a gasp to the floor. When Section Links one Living Bones at door 1. It is 
she reopens her eyes, she smiles. “It When door 3 is opened, read  normal for two characters, elite each 
worked…” 144.1. second spawning for three characters, 

or elite for four characters.

Rewards
For the next scenario, the selected 
character raises their maximum hit 
point value by 2.

Gain “Tome of Life” 218 . 2 3

Do not resolve an outpost event 
this week.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
81