117 • F7 A Waiting Game
  Design: Adam and Brady Sadler; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all All Polar Bears are enemies to both the rest of the scenario. Do not remove 
three traps A are occupied by Polar you and all other monster types. Any that trap from the map. A trapped bear 
Bears and all non-Polar Bear enemies character can lose one card from their is also immune to forced movement. All 
are dead. At the end of that round,  hand or two from their discard pile to other traps function as normal.
read 140.2. negate one source of damage to any 

Polar Bear. If three Polar Bears die, the Whenever any character damages a 
scenario is lost. Polar Bear with an attack, they can 

Scenario Effects reduce the damage by any amount, 
Each character adds two  cards to All figures, except Polar Bears, treat and suffer damage equal to the amount 
their attack modifier deck. all traps A in the scenario as obstacles it was reduced by to add  X to the 

which cannot be destroyed or moved in attack, where X is the amount the 
any way. If any Polar Bear enters a trap damage was reduced by.

Introduction A, it no longer performs any actions for 
Entering the Whitefire Woods to meet with 
the Trapper, you come across a slaughtered 
polar bear. The white fur is muddied, the Section Links Map Layout
ribs stripped of flesh. The Trapper closes When door 1 is opened, read 168.6. 
the bear’s eyes respectfully. “Those hunters When door 2 is opened, read 36.3.
can’t even skin the beasts properly,” they 10-D

lament, sighing over the waste.

The Trapper has already 15-A 02-E
placed their snares. They lead 02-G

you to a clearing where you 
hide behind some elderberry 
bushes. In front of you, a 
family of polar bears lumbers 
in from the river, fish clutched 
in their strong jaws. The Scenario Key Loot
snares are hidden beneath the   x6 
scant snow. All you need to do Hound
is wait for the bears to tread   x4 
on them.   x6 

Polar Bear
  x2 

But the bears sniff the air, 
bristling. The Trapper curses,   x1 

Vermling Priest
and suddenly, the clearing   x1 
is filled with little bodies 
dropping from the trees. Vermling Scout
The Vermling hunting party 
surrounds their quarry, deftly Snow Door
avoiding claws and snares 2
alike. Hemmed in, the bears 
draw to their hind legs, Large Snow 

1 2 Corridor 1
roaring.

The Trapper curses. “So much Snow Corridor 1
for stealth!” They dash in to 
save the bears, spurring you to A Bear Trap
follow and prepare for battle. 3

Snow Rock 3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
142



118 • F4 Lurker Necromancy
  Design: Vlaada Chvatil; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when Throughout the scenario, place one Whenever any character performs a loot 
all enemies in it are dead and all numbered token face-up on each newly ability, they may loot tokens normally 
numbered tokens have been looted. At revealed Frozen Corpse and Living or, instead, take one numbered or 
the end of that round, read 192.3. Bones with an even-numbered standee lettered token from a monster within 

(representing an amulet of reanimation) range of the loot ability.
and place one lettered token face-down 

Introduction on each newly revealed Frozen Corpse All monsters with a lettered token 
The Boneshaper leads you to a desolate or Living Bones with an odd-numbered gain  3. Whenever the Living Bones 
stretch of coast, a place of icy drifts. standee (representing an amulet of monster set comes up in the initiative 
You’re cresting a mound of what seems protection). This includes the monsters order, if there are any numbered 
like unnaturally piled snow when the currently on the map in the starting tokens on the map, spawn one normal 
Boneshaper grabs your shoulder and room. If any monster with a numbered Living Bones at each, and place those 
hisses, “There!” or lettered token dies, these tokens are numbered tokens on the spawned Living 

placed in the hex it occupied and can Bones. During ordering of initiative 
Where the snow has been removed is a be looted like normal loot tokens. All each round, reveal one Living Bones 
gaping hole, burrowing into darkness. It Frozen Corpses and Living Bones do monster ability card if any numbered 
resembles a cursed sort of mining quarry, not drop loot tokens. token is on a monster or on the map.
and indeed, the tunnel is guarded by 
listless figures— a hoard of the undead. 
Their decayed clothing is in tatters, but Section Links Map Layout
around their necks are amulets which When door 1 is opened, read 125.2.
glow with a dark, undulating power. 12-B

The Boneshaper seems both disturbed 
and exhilarated. “Those amulets must 15-B
be the energy I sensed. Yet why do these 03-D
mindless drones carry them?” Hands 
crackling with energy, the Boneshaper 
stands, which sends snow cascading down. 
Alerted to your presence, the undead begin 
lurching toward you. The Boneshaper 
cackles. “Time to find out!”

1
Scenario Key Loot

  x8 
Frozen Corpse Cave Door 2   x3 

  x3 
Living Bones Rubble 5

  x3 
Lurker   x1 

Mindsnipper Snow Rock 1
  x2 

Lurker Soldier Stalagmites 4

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
143



119 • Q1 Radiant Dust Into the Forest

  Design: Jens Drögemuller; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when the Place the  miniature (if available) in When door 1 is opened, read 96.2.
Infuser occupies B. At the end of that A (otherwise use token A). They are 
round, read 176.2. the Infuser, an ally to you and an enemy 

to all monsters. They have 5+(3xL) hit Map Layout
points. On initiative 99 each round, 

Introduction they perform  2, focusing on moving 
The Radiant Forest lives up to its name, its toward and opening door 1. If the 13-A
vegetation shrouded in dusty gold. With a Infuser dies, the scenario is lost.
careful fingertip, the Infuser brushes some 
of this powder off of a leaf, collecting All loot tokens represent dust, which are 

02-E 15-A
it into a vial. “Exquisite,” they breathe, not traded in for loot cards when looted 
peering into the vial, eyes refracting the but, instead, are placed in a shared pool 
glitter. “From where does it derive, do you which starts with four dust already in it. 
suppose? There must be a source—” The Infuser and all character summons 04-C

also perform end-of-turn looting, adding 
A chorus of menacing hisses interrupts. any dust to this pool.
While you were preoccupied, a spitting 13-C
drake descended from the tree branches. Before the Infuser ends their turn each 
And it’s not alone. The ground rumbles round, they may spend dust from the 
and splits open with the segmented bodies pool to perform one of the following 
of centipede-like horrors, burrowing abilities (as determined by you):
blades. Their bristling legs glitter with 
powder, as do the drakes’ long tongues. Spend one:  2, controlled by you. 
The Infuser stiffens. “They’ve been Spend two:  L+2, self. 
ingesting it,” they whisper. “And now Spend five: Convert any monster within 
seem eager for more. It must be making  2. The monster is now an ally to all 
them less cautious.” characters, character summons, and 

the Infuser and an enemy to all other 
You translate “less cautious” as also more monsters until it dies or another monster 
dangerous. You reach for your weapons is converted.
and the Infuser looks back down at the 
contents of the vial. “Perhaps,” they say You will receive more rewards at the 
with a mischievous smile, “I can help even end of the scenario for having more 
these odds.” unspent dust.

1

Scenario Key Loot

Burrowing - 
Blade Snow Corridor 2

Polar Bear Large Water 4

Rending Drake Water 4

Shrike Fiend Ice 7

Spitting Drake Large Ice 4 A
Snow Door Large Snow 

2 Rock 2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

144



120• FR Under the Influence
  Frosthaven Design: Paul Grogan; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Section Links Loot Scenario Key
The scenario is complete when the When door 1 is opened, read 101.1.   x8  
glowing orb has been destroyed. At the City Guard
end of that round, read 147.3.   x4 

Map Layout   x4 
Hound

Scenario Effects   x4 
04-D

Each character gains  and . Robotic 
Boltshooter

07-E 02-A
Introduction 10-B Steel 

Automaton
Since you’re not inclined to try killing 
yourself again, you depart from 

Vermling Priest
Frosthaven and head to the decrepit 
building. The structure appears in worse 
shape up close. The rafters buckle under Vermling Scout
heavy snow, and the foundation looks near 
collapse. Beneath the cold, the smell of 
dried blood permeates. Dungeon Door 2

Wrenching open the door exposes a 
grisly scene: you have stepped right into 1 Large Dungeon 

Corridor 1
the middle of a fight between a group of 
guards, who, for some reason, are trying Barrel 3
to kill each other. Two already lay dead on 
the floor, one of them currently being torn 
apart by a hound, the companion of another Glowing Orb 1
guard.

Treasure 1
Upon your arrival, however, the remaining 
guards forget their quarrel with each other 
and turn on you, shouting incoherent 
accusations. They advance toward you in 
that stilted, shuffling walk you’ve come to 
associate with beings whose mind is not 
entirely under their command.

You recognize these guards, having shared 
drinks with them. You hope you can subdue 
them without causing too much injury.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
145



121• C13 Black Memories
  Design: Richard Ham; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
Unknown at this time. When door 1 is opened, read 115.2.   x9 

Polar Bear
  x3 

Introduction Map Layout
Steel   x3 

The road is treacherous, heading south Automaton   x2 
through the pass and then winding 
around the south side of the Copperneck 10-B   x1 

Vermling Priest
Mountains, but you finally arrive at your   x1 
destination: the Black Barrow. It stands 13-E 07-E   x1 
lonesome against the dark sky, an ancient Vermling Scout
hill studded with decrepit gravestones and 
stunted grass. Exploring the perimeter of Dungeon Door
the mound, you discover an embedded 15-C 2
entrance to a crypt, covered in vines and 
old sigils. Scuffed footprints indicate Dark Pit 2
you’re not the crypt’s only recent visitors.

 and  
Inside, nets of cobwebs and rusted Trap 2
gravedigger tools greet you. At first, it 
seems empty, and you wonder if Kefra Large Debris
led you wrong. But then, out of the gloom 2
emerge little faces: pointed noses, pointed 
ears. Chittering uneasily, the Vermlings Sarcophagus 3
scurry in and out of the shadows, hissing 
at your entrance. They’re wary, and they 
won’t let you pass.

1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
146



122• H10 The Eternal Crave
  Design: Marcel Cwertetschka-Mattasits and David Turczi; Writing: Noralie Lubbers

Scenario Goals can only be found within the Maw’s cave, Section Links
The scenario is complete when the but the place has been overrun by deadly When door 1 is opened (fighting the 
Hungry Maw is dead. At the end of bears and strange, flying imps! And with Hungry Maw), read 98.1. 
that round, read 11.2. the Maw about to wake up, we have been When door 2 is opened (solving the 

put in a dire situation. If the Hungry Maw puzzle), read 152.1.
Alternately, the scenario is complete is not fed and leaves its cave, it could mean 
when the mammoth bark, axenut, and destruction for the entire north!”
firepepper are combined and stirred in Map Layout
the pot. (Warning: this route requires Noore stops just outside the mouth of a 
solving a challenging puzzle.) foreboding cave entrance. Stalactites hang 

from the ceiling like vicious teeth. “My 15-C
great-grandmother was the last one to 

Introduction successfully cook a batch of the stew,” she 
The Hungry Maw... The old Quatryl you says, passing you a scrap of paper. “This 02-K
met along the road has intrigued you with is the recipe passed down in my family. 
a tale of firepeppers and dangerous beasts, Hope you can figure it out and complete 
and now you find yourself following her the stew.”
toward an ancient cave. 01-F

With determination, you head into the 12-B
“As far as I know, nobody has been to cave with Noore and find a black cauldron 
the cave of the Hungry Maw in almost hanging above a pile of sticks. “I’ll start 07-A 11-B
a hundred years!” The Quatryl, named the fire and get the water boiling,” she 
Noore, says. “Ever since it last woke up says. “Just go and bring back the bark.” 
and demanded another plate of firepepper Noore points toward the left passage.
stew, we’ve been dreading this day.

“Or, if you want to try putting the Maw to 
“You’ve got the firepepper, and I’ve rest with steel,” she says, pointing to an 
brought along an axenut, but the third ornate door to the right, “Go that way,  but 
ingredient—the dried mammoth bark— I can’t imagine it ending well.”

Scenario Key Loot

  x6 
Frozen Corpse Ice Spikes 9   x3 1

  x3 
Ice Wraith Rubble 4

  x4 
  x1 

Polar Bear Ice 8
  x2 A
  x1 

Snow Imp Large Ice 4

Cave Door 4 Alter 1

2
Dungeon Door 2 Ice Pillar 6

Large Cave 
Corridor 1 Cave Wall 3

 Trap 6 Treasure 2

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
147



123 • K5 The Titan
  Design: Justin Jacobson; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when the Any hex in the scenario is considered When door 1 is opened, read 104.2. 
Power Core is dead. At the end of that stable if at least one hex directly below When door 2 is opened, read 158.1. 
round, read 189.4. it is a wall or obstacle. If both hexes When door 3 is opened, read 193.3. 

directly below it are walls or obstacles, When door 4 is opened, read 128.4.
then it is also considered safe.

Scenario Effects
Each character gains . At the end of each round, if any non-

flying figure is not occupying a stable 
hex, they fall. All falling figures, in 

Introduction 04-B
initiative order, are forced to move 

Every instinct urges you to flee from down one hex at a time until they 03-B
this colossus. You could do so, as its occupy a safe hex, moving through 
attention seems directed elsewhere. Yet allies, if necessary, but not enemies. 11-F 15-D
the enormous titan is taking thundering They then suffer  L. If any falling 
footfalls toward familiar rooftops and figure is unable to occupy a safe hex 
ramparts in the distance: Frosthaven. due to figures blocking both of its 12-C

paths, they stop falling, and all figures 
You can’t let the titan reach the outpost. occupying the two hexes directly 
Scrambling after it, you launch off a below them suffer  L, as well.
hillock, landing onto the titan’s leg, where 
you cling to a metallic spur protruding All monsters treat all non-stable hexes Loot
from its boot. The entire creature seems as negative hexes when ending their 
constructed of metal, and in between movement. All Ancient Artillery   x9 
each curving plate you manage to find are immune to forced movement, 
handholds and footholds. including falling.   x2 

  x6 
Trying not to look down, you climb,   x1 
looking for a way past the robot’s defenses 
to disable it. Unfortunately, those defenses   x1 
include an automated system, which   x1 
has sensed you. Whirring, panels on the 
robot’s legs slide back, unleashing copper 
cannons. They pivot to target you.

1
Scenario Key

Algox Control 
Snowspeaker Console 3

Ancient 
Artillery Power Conduit 6

Ice Wraith Rubble 5

Metal Door 4 Treasure 1

Pressure Plate 2

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
148



124 • FR A Growing Problem
  Frosthaven Design and writing: Travis Oates

Scenario Goals the forest has changed considerably. You Time is being sped up. The rubber 
The scenario is complete when all have been thrust back hundreds, maybe band is contracting, and time is moving 
enemies in it are dead and one character thousands, of years in time. accordingly. Fortunately, the magic of the 
is occupying the glowing orb. At the amulet protects you from the accelerated 
end of that round, read 110.1. As you travel downward, deep into the time, unlike the skeletons strewn about the 

frozen root system of the gargantuan tree, entrance. As even more of the crystalline 
you see numerous skeletons on the ground, roots above you start to tendril their way 

Scenario Effects some of which have turned into naught but downward, you realize that soon, they will 
Each character gains  twice. dust. Additionally, the roots themselves take up every available space. You’d better 

writhe and undulate, becoming longer and make haste while there’s still a path to your 
thicker before your eyes. goal, or this tree will become your tomb.

Introduction
You clutch the amulet given to you by 
yourself, and close your eyes, allowing it to Special Rules
pull you into the stream of time and deposit All ice spikes, snowdrifts, and snow rocks by a non-flying figure, the figure suffers 
you somewhere utterly foreign and bizarre. of any size in the scenario are unaffected hazardous terrain damage. Likewise, if 
You are in a forest of ice, giant crystalline by abilities and collectively represent ice an obstacle is placed in a hex occupied 
trees sprouting up all around you, sending clusters, which start as one hex of ice spikes. by a non-flying figure, the figure suffers 
their roots of frost through the snowy earth. hazardous terrain damage and is forced to 
Wandering the landscape, you eventually At the end of each round, each ice cluster move to the closest empty hex.
come to one of the largest trees you have will grow one hex in the direction of 
ever seen, its gnarled trunk stretching high its arrow depicted on the scenario map. Whenever two ice clusters grow into each 
into the heavens. At its base is an opening Whenever any ice cluster first grows, other, both their tiles share the same hex. 
just large enough for you to enter, and so, move its ice spikes as directed and create In this way, a hex can be both hazardous 
with some trepidation, you step through. one snowdrift in the hex the ice spikes and difficult terrain at the same time, but 

exited. Whenever it grows subsequently, when it becomes an obstacle, the obstacle 
In an instant, your mind feels like it has been move both its ice spike and snowdrift as overrides all other features. If any ice 
pulled inside out. You intuitively know that directed and place one snow rock in the spikes enter any non-cluster overlay tile, 
somehow existence itself is being stretched hex the snowdrift exited, combining two they instead destroy the tile.
out, as if time and space were a rubber snow rocks into one large snow rock when 
band. Glancing outside, you see the trees of possible. Whenever any tile would move Throughout the scenario, if you run out of 
ice around you are noticeably smaller, and through a wall line, remove it from the map. tiles as the ice clusters grow, use suitable 

replacements or remove those that no 
If an ice spike tile enters a hex occupied longer affect the scenario.

Scenario Key

Living Bones Section Links
When door 1 is opened, read 119.4.

Living Spirit
Map Layout

Snow Door 2 09-A

Glowing Orb 1 Loot

Ice Spikes 8   x10 13-C
  x4 

Snowdrift 8   x2 
  x2 04-C

Large Snow 
Rock 4   x1 

  x1 
Snow Rock 4 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
149



125 • FR The Longest Second
  Frosthaven Design and writing: Travis Oates

Scenario Goals Special Rules Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all If any character becomes exhausted, 
characters have escaped. At the end of the scenario is lost. Robotic   x9 

Boltshooter
that round, read 162.3.   x2 

Ruined   x4 
Section Links Machine

Scenario Effects   x2 
When door 1 is opened, read 158.4.

Each character gains  and .   x1 
Metal Door 2

  x1 
Map Layout

Introduction   x1 
 Trap 2

Once again, you empty your mind and 
let the temporal amulet transport you to 16-D Barrel
a foreign, unknown place. One moment 2
you are holding the amulet in your 
longhouse, and the next, you find yourself Control 

Console 4
in a  factory, surrounded by Quatryls that 02-F

appear frozen in time. They just stand 
there, perfectly lifelike, but completely Glowing Orb 1
unmoving. What’s particularly unnerving, 12-C
however, is the look of panic seared into Treasure
each of their faces. 1

This place must somehow be the opposite 
of the last. Instead of time moving quickly 
around you, it is moving incredibly slowly. 
You cautiously move farther into the 
facility, clutching the amulet even closer 
to you.

The entry hall is dimly lit and built of 1
an industrial metal that looks similar to 
brass. A sonorous buzzing fills the air, 
thankfully there is no taste associated with 
this one. Ahead of you, the hallway splits 
into two separate paths, but one of them 
seems recently collapsed—or perhaps still 
in the process of collapsing. At the end of C
the other hall is a panel with the number 
“1” lit up in red glowing light. D B
When you move toward it, however, 
something springs to life. Metal creatures 
emerge from the factory walls and draw 
their weapons. These things are not 
undead, but you still recognize them as 
temporal guardians, unaffected by time.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
150



126 • FR Joseph the Lion
  Frosthaven Design and writing: Efka Bladukas and Elaine Bladukienė

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when C+1 Place one face-up numbered token in down numbered token in the hex it was 
tokens have been delivered. At the end each F. In addition, place one in G destroyed in. These tokens can be looted 
of that round, read 110.3. for three of four characters and one in as normal and then placed on the looting 

H for four characters. These tokens character’s mat. Each character can only 
represent Helpers, allies to you and hold one token at any time and drops 

Introduction enemies to all monsters. Each has the token in the hex they occupy if they 
“In hindsight, perhaps this wasn’t one of (Lx2)+3 hit points and is immune to all become exhausted.
my best ideas,” says Joseph, seemingly to conditions and forced movement. They 
himself, as he paces in the snow. “When do not act, but have an initiative of 50 Whenever any character carrying a token 
the people of Frosthaven told me that field for the purposes of focusing. If three ends their turn adjacent to a Helper, the 
was haunted and the least ideal location to Helpers die, the scenario is lost. token is delivered and removed from the 
set up an ice-cream stand, I dismissed it game, along with the Helper.
as local gibber gabber. Folklore. It was the Each crate and barrel has L+1 hit points. 
cheapest plot of land available, and close They are enemies to you and allies to At the start of each listed round, spawn 
to the main road leading to Frosthaven— all monsters. Whenever any crate or the following monsters at the listed 
full of traveling folk in need of a frosty barrel is destroyed, place one face- locations based on character count:
snack.”

Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
Sadly, Joseph discovered that the folklore 
is less folklore and more fact. The 1, 3 A and C: One A, C, and E: One A and C: One  
field turned out to be rife with spirits normal Snow Imp normal Snow Imp normal Snow Imp 
and wraiths. Not to mention the recent E: One elite Snow Imp
infestation of snow imps.

2, 4 E: One normal B: One normal B and D: One 
“It’s safe to say that the stand is a no go, Living Spirit Living Spirit normal Living Spirit
but I still need to retrieve all the ice- D: One normal  
cream. I poured my life savings into that Snow Imp
merchandise!” Joseph’s arms gesticulate 
wildly in the air, as if independent from 5, 7 A: One elite  A: One elite  A and C: One  
his body. “I managed to recruit some local Ice Wraith Ice Wraith elite Ice Wraith
townsfolk—call them Joseph’s helpers— C: One elite Snow Imp
to carry it back. Problem is, they’re too 
scared to cross the field to reach the stand. 6, 8, B, D, and E: One B and D: One B, D, and E:  
This is where you come in. Cross the field, 10, 12 normal Snow Imp normal Snow Imp One elite Snow Imp
deal with the incorporeals and get the E: One elite Snow Imp
merchandise to my helpers. You’ll have 
to smash the protective barricades I built. 9, 11 A: One elite  A and C: One A, C, and E:  
Oh, and do mind the traps. Don’t know Ice Wraith  elite Ice Wraith One elite Ice Wraith
why I thought I could capture a specter. C: One normal 
Another one of my... ideas, I guess.” Living Spirit

13+ A and C: One elite A, C, and E: One A, B, C, and D: 
Ice Wraith elite Ice Wraith One elite Ice Wraith

Map Layout

16-A

07-B

– Continued on next page.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

151



126 CONT. • Joseph the Lion

Scenario Key F B
Ice Wraith  Trap 5 H

Living Spirit Ice Pillar 3 F
Snow Imp Supply Shelf 1 A

Large Snow 
Corridor 3 Barrel 3

F E
Snow Corridor 1 Crate 2

Large Ice 2
C

F
G
F D

Loot

  x5 
  x3 
  x3 
  x2 
  x1 
  x2 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
152



127 • FR Derelict Freighter
  Frosthaven Design: Nikki Valens; Writing: Crystal Mazur

Scenario Goals Map Layout
The scenario is complete when at 
least C crates have been looted and all 
characters have escaped. At the end of 
that round, read 190.2. 14-A 07-G

Introduction 02-B
02-D

You grip your weapon with resolve and 
then hop over the ship’s railing, ready to 
face whatever horrors await. This ship 
represents both a threat to Frosthaven and Scenario Key Loot
a chance to retrieve valuable supplies. You   x5 
will cleanse the undead and do what you Ancient 

Artillery
can to better the outpost.   x6 

  x4 
Frozen Corpse

Special Rules   x4 
Each crate in the scenario can be   x1 

Ice Wraith
looted via loot abilities, but not with 
end of turn looting. Any character can 
forgo a bottom action (discarding the Dungeon 

Corridor 1
card instead) to loot an adjacent crate. A
Place any looted crates on the looting Stairs
character’s mat. Each character can 4
hold any number of crates.

Barrel 2
You will receive more rewards at the 
end of the scenario for looting more 
crates. Barricade 1

Any character can spend 2 movement Crate
points when occupying stairs A to 4
go below deck. No figure can teleport 
between unconnected map tiles. Mast 1

All starting hexes are escape hexes.
Supply Shelf 3

Section Links
Treasure 1

The first time any character goes 
below deck, read 153.1.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
153



128 • FR A Tall Drunken Tale
  Frosthaven Design and writing: Mathew G. Somers

Scenario Goals “And then WHAM!” Nits slams his mug them truly had their bearings, those beasts 
The scenario is complete at the end against the table, splashing ale everywhere, bludgeoned that one good!”
of the ninth round. At the end of that but effectively getting people’s attention. 
round, read 196.3. “You see the toughest looking one of the “But don’t worry,” Narb assures Derrick. 

party here, right? Well, before any of “That’s just where things get interesting.”

Scenario Effects
Each character gains  twice and . Special Rules

This scenario can only be played once embellishments, and each can only 
and cannot be lost. be completed once per round. Place 

Introduction damage tokens next to the corresponding 
The setting sun fades as you walk down The character with the highest current embellishment to help track any progress 
into The Crater, knocking the snow from hit point value reduces that value to 1. on it, if necessary. Whenever any 
your boots. It’s not especially crowded embellishment is completed, place one 
yet, but the regulars are already settling Do not set up the Steel Automaton damage token above the round track 
in. A Quatryl musician fiddles with a tune monster ability deck. Instead, all Steel instead.
in the corner, and you see Nits and Narb, Automatons use the Imp monster ability 
the two drunkards you “saved” along the deck. The embellishments are as follows:
road, wave you over to their table. You 
hesitate, but they are already heading for Whenever any Lurker Wavethrower 1 Loot exactly C loot tokens. 
you instead and look to be accompanied by would summon a Lightening Eel, it 2 Perform C or more basic actions. 
an individual with fiery red hair. summons one Vermling Scout with a 3 Suffer damage from C or fewer 

current hit point value of 1 instead. All attacks. 
The two brothers call for a round and greet Abael Scouts act before Vermling Scouts. 4 Spend Cx3 or more movement points. 
you like kin. You are almost inebriated 5 Perform exactly Cx2 attacks. 
just from the smell coming off them, All doors are locked. 6 Use C or more items. 
and they’re laughing so hard, you can’t 7 Kill exactly C enemies. 
tell if they’re dying. They introduce Shuffle the twelve numbered tokens 8 Give C or more negative conditions. 
you to Derrick Windmere, who doesn’t face-down next to the map. At the 9 Perform C or more heal abilities. 
particularly look like he fits in with the start of each round reveal three tokens.  @ All characters short rest. 
pair, but also looks like he’s had a few These represent the embellishments  # Perform C or more actions with lost 
himself. for that round, which you are icons. 

encouraged to complete. After revealing  $ Earn Cx2 or more XP.
The brothers begin to tell Derrick how embellishments, any character may short 
you saved them from certain death one rest before card selection. At the end of each round, place all three 
time, and, even if you wanted to disagree, revealed embellishments in a separate 
between the two of them, you couldn’t get All characters and character summons discard pile, removing any progress 
a word in edgewise. contribute collectively toward made on them.

It starts with how you were all traveling 
together, back when they did a little Section Links Map Layout
mercenary work, of course, and you were At the start of the second round,  
accosted by Abaeli, Lurkers, Algox, read 170.1. 01-A
and Unfettered. Derrick questions the The first time any character becomes 
assortment with a chuckle, but Narb just exhausted, bookmark your current 
says, “Exactly.” section and read 135.3. 02-I

02-G 15-A

Mugs of ale are brought to the table, and 
Narb tells how he and his brother were 01-C
worn out from a previous engagement and 
you managed to convince them, albeit after 
a fair amount of effort, to hang back and 
allow you to prove you were worthy of – Continued on next page.
accompanying them.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
154



128 CONT. • A Tall Drunken Tale

Scenario Key Loot

  x2 
Abael Scout Snow Corridor 1

  x3 
Lurker   x1 A

Wavethrower Huge Water 2
  x8 

Snow Imp Large Water   x1 
4

  x2 3 B 1
Steel Snow Rock   x1 

Automaton 3

Vermling Scout Tree 1 4
Snow Door 4 Treasure 1

2

129 • J9 How to Lay an Ambush
  Copperneck Mountains Design and writing: Mathew G. Somers

A

1

2

3

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
155



129 CONT. • How to Lay an Ambush

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all Before the scenario begins, each 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of character must discard four cards from 
that round, read 150.4. their hand. You then collectively have 10-D

15-A 01-G
15 activity points (AP) to spend on the 
following activities:

Introduction
Hardly a midday jaunt, the value of a gem 2AP: One character performs one 02-G 03-D

is starting to make much more sense. It’s action with a persistent ability on 
cold, and even over the howling wind any card they discarded instead 
up here in the Coppernecks, you can of discarding it. (Limit once per 
still hear the clattering of the containers character.) Scenario Key Loot
Derrick gave you to protect the sun agates. 2AP: Create one log in any two    x10 
Although the noise is a nuisance, looking empty hexes with at least one hex Algox Guard
over the other mercenaries hired to adjacent to a tree.   x4 
accompany you, the only one you trust is 1AP: Relocate one log to any two   x2 
yourself. Anyone with a weapon can try to empty revealed hexes. Algox Priest

  x2 
earn their keep or to earn yours, but have 1AP: Replace one log with two  
these lot even seen real combat? damage traps.   x1 

Algox Scout
1AP: Create one ice tile on any    x1 

“This is the spot,” one of Derrick’s empty revealed hex. 
mercenaries stands before a small 1AP: Replace one ice tile with one  City Guard
ravine. “The Algox will come through ice spikes tile. 
here with their loot, and we just gotta 1AP: Create one snowdrift on any Snow Door
take it from ʼem.” empty revealed hex. 3

The mercenary laughs and then scratches Each activity may be performed more Large Snow 
Corridor 1

his head. “So, uh, how do you want to than once, but tiles are limited to the 
approach it?” This lot is green, but maybe— counts in the scenario key.
just maybe—they won’t get themselves Snow Corridor 3
killed. You begin to set up the ambush. All doors are locked. Door 1 will 

open after all AP is spent, and the Ice
enemies behind it will perform  9 6
toward A. Then door 2 will open 
and the scenario will start as normal. Ice Spikes 6

Spawn 6-C elite City Guards at 
any empty starting hexes. They are  Trap 6
allies to you and enemies to all other 
monster types. All City Guards use Snowdrift 6
Archer monster ability cards instead 
of their own.

Log 4

Section Links
Large Snow 

After spending all AP, read 156.4. Rock 1

Tree 3

Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
156



130 • H8 And Then, a Stream
  Whitefire Woods Design and writing: Mathew G. Somers

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all If any non-flying character enters a flying character or character summon, 
characters have escaped and are water hex without an ice tile, they suffer the figure suffers trap damage. All 
collectively carrying at least 2xC hazardous terrain damage. monsters are unaffected by these ice tiles.
numbered tokens. At the end of that 
round, read 129.1. All ice tiles D are treated as corridors Place one numbered token in each 

but are not considered featureless. They corresponding hex 1 through  $ in 
are placed on water tiles but do not ascending order for each gem noted at 

Scenario Effects replace them. the end of How to Lay an Ambush (129). 
Each character gains . These tokens may be looted as normal 

At the start of each round, place one new by characters and then placed on their 
ice tile in each B (if able) and treat them character mat. Each character can carry 

Introduction as ice tiles D. Then each ice tile D, in any number of tokens, but each character 
A light snow begins to fall as you trek left-to-right order, moves one, two, or adds -1  to each of their move abilities 
westward. In the distance, you watch three hexes directly left, as chosen by for each token they are carrying after the 
the setting sun paint the clouds a golden you. All ice tiles in the same row must first. All characters may also drop any 
purple, and tiny billows of smoke rise move the same number of hexes, and number of tokens they are carrying into 
from where Frosthaven sits on the horizon. each row must move a different amount. the hex they occupy at any time during 
You figure you’ll make a fair amount of their turn (including during movement).
money off these gems, but Derrick’s talk Whenever any ice tile moves, it moves 
of a militia coming in to push the Algox any non-flying characters, non-flying Whenever any character suffers damage 
out of the mine gives you pause. It’s character summons, and tokens in its hex while carrying tokens, they must 
one thing to fight for your own survival along with it. Any character or character immediately place one of those tokens in 
against the Algox, but this feels like summon can move through monsters an adjacent hex, prioritizing water or ice 
something else. in this way. If any ice tile would end tiles closest to C. At the start of each 

its movement in an occupied hex, it round, any tokens on water hexes move 
As you ponder the implications, you spot instead continues moving in the same directly left the same number of hexes 
a large flock of ravens overhead and your direction until it enters an unoccupied as the ice tiles in their row and are also 
thoughts turn toward more immediate hex. Whenever any ice tile would exit removed from the map upon exiting C.
survival. After all, where there are ravens, any C, remove it and any tokens on it 
there could be – from the map. Any non-flying characters Each A is an escape hex. If any 

or character summons occupying it are character becomes exhausted or there are 
In the middle of your thought, the terrain forced to move to the closest empty hex not enough numbered tokens to complete 
beneath your feet suddenly collapses, and suffer trap damage. Whenever any the scenario, the scenario is lost.
sending you tumbling down. You fight to ice tile enters a hex occupied by any non-
find your footing, but it’s of no use. The 
containers of gems scatter everywhere as 
you land with a hard thud. Section Links Map Layout

At the start of the fifth round,  
Still attempting to differentiate the ground read 173.2. 01-C
from the sky, you watch the birds coalesce 
around a shadow-like figure—shrike 
fiends. You wonder what they’re doing in 16-A 02-J
the Coppernecks, but it ultimately doesn’t 
much matter. You’ll need to gather the 
containers and fight your way through 01-E

them either way. The more you gather, the 
more handsomely you will be rewarded.

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
157



130 CONT. • And Then, a Stream

Scenario Key Loot

  x6 A A A A
Frozen Corpse

  x5 
  x2 

Lightning Eel
  x3 

Shrike Fiend   x2 
  x1 @ 1

Large Snow   x1 
Corridor 2

$
Snow Corridor 3 C 4 D B

11
Ice 10 C D B

Huge Water 2 C D 7 B 6

Large Water 2
4

E 3
Water 10

8 9
Snow Rock 3

Tree 3
# 5

Treasure 1

131 • K2 The Dancing Iceberg
  Biting Sea Design and writing: Dennis “Themris” Vögele

Map Layout Scenario Key

Lurker C
Clawcrusher

15-A
Lurker B

Mindsnipper
D

Loot Lurker Soldier

- Lurker 
Wavethrower A

Snow Rock 4 E
– Continued on next page. F

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
158



131 CONT. • The Dancing Iceberg

Scenario Goals to the high side of the iceberg, forcing it to Just when you think the worst is behind 
The scenario is complete when the slowly lean back into even footing. Once you, Lurkers begin climbing back onto the 
Lurker Conductor is dead. At the end you manage to balance your weight, the iceberg. They are rather displeased with 
of that round, read 5.2. iceberg finally stops tilting. your rude interruption.

Introduction Special Rules
You make your way to the ice shelf that Whenever any monster dies, instead level and nothing happens. If one side 
you think may lead to the peninsula in the of a loot token, it drops one numbered has one damage token and the other has 
Lurker’s visions, but this turns out to be token. Likewise, whenever any character three, all figures, bodies, and overlay 
a tougher trek than expected. The end of becomes exhausted, place one of tiles are simultaneously forced to move 
the peninsula narrows to an icy bridge. their character tokens in the hex they one hex in the direction of the side with 
Despite seeing the ocean far below, you occupied. Both these tokens represent one token. If all four damage tokens are 
carefully press on until the frozen cliff bodies. Their hexes are treated as next to one side, the iceberg topples over 
widens into a large plateau. occupied, and each hex can only contain and the scenario is lost.

one body. All figures can move through 
Peering through the fog, you encounter one bodies. There are no walls. Whenever any 
of the most bizarre sights you have ever figure, body, or overlay tile would be 
laid eyes on: dozens of Lurkers dancing in Whenever any character ends their turn, forced to enter a border hex, it instead 
unison, rhythmically swaying and clicking and during any of their move abilities, falls off the iceberg. If any non-flying 
their claws. You approach them, deafened they may perform “  1,  1 adjacent character summon, monster body, or 
by cacophonous clacking, and get a closer body” any number of times. Bodies can overlay tile falls off, it is permanently 
look. The dancing crustaceans all face only be pushed into unoccupied non- removed from the map. If any flying 
a colossal Lurker who does not seem to obstacle hexes or off the map. character, flying character summon, or 
be dancing. Instead, she is preoccupied monster falls off, it is removed from 
with elaborate claw movements like Place two damage tokens next to both the map until the following round. In 
some sort of conductor. At her feet, you the left and right sides of the map. These addition, monsters that fall off suffer 
see a beautiful spiral seashell, and you tokens represent the relative height of  1 and lose all conditions. If any non-
realize that the clicking and clacking is each side of the iceberg. flying character or character body falls 
not the only noise; a mesmerizing melody off, the scenario is lost.
emanates from the shell. At the end of each round, perform the 

following steps: At the start of each round, before any 
Could this conductor be controlling the monsters spawn, place any flying 
other Lurkers with this tune? The more 1. Calculate the weight on the left and characters, flying character summons, 
you focus on the seashell and its melody, right halves of the map. Each monster, and monsters that fell of the iceberg (if 
the more it grips you, consuming your body, obstacle, and character has a not dead) in empty hexes closest to the 
every thought. You must have it! You leap weight of 1. Each character summon last hex they occupied. 
forward, grasping at it with abandon. has a weight of 0.5. Any figures, bodies, 

or obstacles occupying the three hexes Lurker Wavethrowers add +1  to 
Upon picking it up, you are immediately along the center vertical line of the map all their attacks and do not summon 
interrupted by a deafening cracking noise do not contribute any weight. Lightning Eels. Instead, whenever Aid 
and what feels like an earthquake. The from Below is performed, all Lurker 
bang knocks you out of your stupor in 2. If the weight on one half is at least Wavethrowers perform: “  +1,  4;  
an instant. You tumble to the ground, 1 greater than the other, move one to the leftmost empty hex if it is an odd 
dropping the seashell into a crack in damage token from the heavier half to round or rightmost if it is even. If there 
the iceberg. The melody fades as large the lighter half. are several valid hexes to teleport to, 
pieces of ice break off from the platform, choose the hex furthest away from any 
throwing the many Lurkers into the 3. If there are two damage tokens next character.”
depths. What was once a peninsula is now to each side of the map, the iceberg is 
a floating iceberg!

As you collect your thoughts and find your Section Links
footing on the slippery surface, you realize At the start of the third round,  
the iceberg is slowly tilting. You scramble read 120.2.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
159



132 • Q6 Temple of Feline Power
  Imperial Mountains Design and writing: Tom Heath and Rachel Jackson

Scenario Goals Special Rules Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all If any character becomes exhausted,   x12 
characters have escaped. At the end of the scenario is lost. Frost Demon
that round, read 148.3.   x2 

  x2 
Section Links Frozen Corpse

Scenario Effects   x2 
When all revealed enemies are dead, 

Each character suffers  2 and read 171.1.   x1 
Ice Wraith

gains .   x1 
Map Layout Snow Imp

Introduction
Dungeon Door

You spend days following the map over 10-B 1
16-C 07-E

narrow, treacherous paths and thunderous 
avalanches, but it seems it has gotten you Dungeon 

Corridor 1
nowhere. According to the markers, the idol 
should be somewhere around here, but—

 Trap 4
Your companion ahead of you on the 
path suddenly falls through a crack in Ice
the mountain. You rush forward and 8
look down, but see only darkness. You 
are contemplating what to do when the Altar 1
thought occurs to you: just jump in. It’s 
reckless and foolish, yet, the next thing 
you know, there you go, jumping straight 
into the darkness, as if compelled by some 
unknown force.

Luckily, the fall isn’t fatal. You slide down 
an incline into a soft pile of snow. But the 
cold in here is somehow more severe than 
it was in the blizzard outside, and looking 
up, you can no longer see the gap you fell 
through.

You feel along the frozen walls and find 
torch sconces, which strangely begin to 
roar with flames at your tentative touch. 
Before you is... well, ice. But behind that 
ice you can just barely make out ornate 
golden patterns and various valuables 
glimmering beyond your reach. Perhaps 
Mulbrynn’s map was worth the time and 
trouble after all.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
160



133 • P6 Bolt
  Imperial Mountains Design and writing: Tom Heath and Rachel Jackson

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when all Doors 3 are locked. If any character When door 1 is opened, read 173.3. 
characters have escaped. At the end of becomes exhausted, the scenario is lost. When door 2 is opened, read 186.1. 
that round, read 168.5. When all characters are occupying 

Place one numbered token on any pressure plates, read 124.2.
character’s mat. This represents the 

Introduction feline idol. Any character with the 
“I do apologize for the deception, friends”, idol may freely pass it to an adjacent Map Layout
Mulbrynn intones, eyes fixed on the character before or after performing 
golden idol you are offering to him. “All any ability. The character with the 
the fools I managed to force up here before idol adds +1  to all their move 04-D

turned tail as soon as they were near the abilities and gains advantage on all 
temple. The idol knew I was coming for it their attacks. 13-E

10-B 09-B
and countered my glamours. I realized I 
would have to come up here myself. If you 
want something done right and all that.”

His gnarled hands reach out to the statue, 
and instantly grow younger as they 
approach its glow. As soon as he is about Scenario Key Loot
to touch it, however, there is a flash and   x7 
what can only be described as an explosive Forest Imp Pressure Plate 4
purr from the idol. The old traitor is   x3 
knocked away against the cavern wall.   x3 

Polar Bear  Trap 5
  x3 

“You use these fools to protect yourself?” 
He shouts to the idol. “We’ll see how far   x1 

Rending Drake Debris 5
you can get without them!”   x2 

  x1 
As you think about the possibility that Spitting Drake Snow Rock 2
this man could well be shouting at a cat-
shaped lump of gold, Mulbrynn mutters Dungeon Door 4 Treasure
to himself and fires a bolt of dark energy 1
at it. The idol glows and resists it at first, 
but he focuses his power, and there is a 
booming whipcrack. The bolt is reflected 
back at Mulbrynn, sending his broken 3 3
body through the cavern wall, collapsing it 
on top of him. 1 2
In the wall’s place, there is now an 
enormous steel door surrounded by cogs of 
assorted sizes. And in your hand, you see 
the idol is now cracked, oozing light and 
strength. Another rumble reminds you that 
this place won’t be standing for long. You 
need to find a way through the door, and 
the commotion has drawn enemies out of 
the darkness.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
161



134 • R1 Tower of Knowledge Into the Forest

  Radiant Forest Design and writing: Lisa Smedman

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when the At the end of each odd round, all When door 1 is opened or tile 1-G is 
goal treasure tile is looted. At the end characters and character summons are revealed, read 33.3. 
of that round, read 153.3. simultaneously forced to move one When door 2 is opened or tile 1-D is 

hex to the top (toward 1-G or 1-D), revealed, read 147.4. 
while at the end of each even round, When door 3 is opened or tile 1-B is 

Introduction they are forced to move one hex to the revealed, read 128.1. 
Deciding it is time to recover this Tome bottom (toward 1-B or 1-E). When door 4 is opened or tile 1-E is 
of Conflict, you set out for the Radiant revealed, read 44.3. 
Forest. As you make your way through the Whenever any character enters The first time each pressure plate A 
woods toward the spot on the map, you any pressure plate A or B in is triggered, read 11.6. 
can’t help but think back to how Eddica the scenario, it is triggered. When The first time each pressure plate B 
said it wasn’t on any recent surveys. You both pressure plates A have been is triggered, read 30.5. 
would think that you’d be able to spot a triggered, characters and character When all pressure plates have been 
giant tower sticking up out of the trees. summons are no longer forced to triggered, read 154.4.

move at the end of each even round. 
And then you see it. In a matter of a few Likewise, when both pressure plates 
steps, the once-invisible tower shimmers B have been triggered, they are no Map Layout
into view, looming perilously over you. longer forced to move at the end of 
Craning your neck, you peer upward, each odd round. 01-G 01-D
spotting four balconies that ring the top 
floor of the tower. Both rooms beyond doors 1 and 2 

are considered neighboring balconies, 12-A
You force open a metal door at the base of as are those beyond doors 3 and 
the tower and find that the inside is hollow, 4. Any figure can jump between 12-C
save for a rusted spiral staircase that leads to neighboring balconies, revealing the 
a trap door. As you climb, the ancient metal map tile if it was unrevealed. Any 
creaks and shudders. Fortunately, it holds. figure on a balcony can also target 

hexes on the neighboring balcony, as if 01-B 01-E

You reach the top and push open the trap there were no wall lines between them.
door. Clambering through it, you find 
yourself in the center of an X-shaped room Each barrel and crate has 3 hit points. 
with doors at the far ends of each wing. You They are enemies to you and allies – Continued on next page.
also notice dangerous machines hunkering to all monsters. Whenever any barrel 
in the shadows, but they seem inert. or crate is destroyed, all figures 

occupying or adjacent to the hex it 
In front of you is an altar, but it holds occupied gain . In addition, any 
nothing. When you go to inspect it more figure can be forced to enter the hex 
closely, the trap door suddenly slams of a barrel or crate, in which case, the 
shut, and you hear the sound of bolts barrel or crate is destroyed.
locking it in place. You tug on it, but it 
doesn’t budge. And then, the entire tower 
begins to tilt back and forth, sending you 
staggering sideways.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
162



134 CONT. • Tower of Knowledge

Scenario Key Loot

Flaming   x10 1 2
Bladespinner   x2 

Robotic   x4 
Boltshooter   x2 

Ruined   x1 
Machine   x1 

Shrike Fiend

Steel 
Automaton

Metal Door 4

Large Metal 
Corridor 1 C

Metal Corridor 1

Pressure Plate 4

Altar 1

Nest 4

Crate 4

Barrel 2 3 4

Treasure 1

135 • O4 Belara’s Keep
  Design: Ryan Haswell; Writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals Introduction You stand in the place marked on the map, 
The scenario is complete when Belara “Belara’s prison is unique.” Eddica’s and utter the incantation provided to you by 
is dead and the goal treasure tile has advisement echoes in your thoughts as you Eddica. Out of the snow, a crumbling stone 
been looted. At the end of that round, head out northwest of Frosthaven in search fortress materializes.
read 134.1. of the place. “To keep the Savvas from 

regaining its powers, the High Council “Just because Belara had it’s mind cleaved,” 
separated the logical side of its mind from you remember Eddica saying, “that doesn’t 

Scenario Effects the emotional. But it’s more than that. mean it is not still incredibly dangerous. Be 
Each character adds two  cards to Belara’s entire existence had to be separated careful.” You step inside, but not all of you 
their attack modifier deck. as well. So the prison it is kept in exists on step into the same inside.

two different but connected planes: one of 
icy reason, and one of chaotic emotion.” – Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
163



135 CONT. • Belara’s Keep

Special Rules Section Links
No more than half the characters All hexes A and B are convergence The first time both pressure  
(rounded up) can start the scenario in the points present on both planes. Whenever plates C are occupied by characters, 
same room. any character occupies a convergence read 87.2.

point, they simultaneously occupy the 
Tiles 12-B and 4-A are the Plane of corresponding hex on the other plane 
Reason. All figures occupying them and gain the bonuses of both planes. All Map Layout
gain  1. Tiles 7-E and 6-B are the characters can use convergence points 
Plane of Emotion. All figures occupying in this way to move between planes. If 04-B
them add +1  to all their attacks. No any other figure occupies a convergence 
figure can teleport between planes. If point, it has no effect except that the 

01-B
at least one character is not occupying corresponding hex is treated as occupied 
each plane at the end of each round, the for the purposes of movement. 06-B
scenario is lost. 04-A

Both doors 1 are locked.
07-E

12-B
Scenario Key

Earth Demon

Flame Demon

1 1
Rending Drake

C C
Savvas 
Lavaflow A B

Sun Demon B

Cave Door 1 A

Dungeon Door 1 Loot

  x7 
Metal Door 2   x4 

  x4 
Pressure Plate 4   x2 

  x1 
 Trap 4   x1 

  x1 
Bookshelf 3

Snow Rock 5

Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
164



136 • I2 Abandoned Hideout  

  Biting Sea Design and writing: Dusty Everman

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all All non-corridor hexes on tiles 16-B hex, corridor (except 1), or obstacle, 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of and 11-B are treated as water (difficult but they can enter traps, springing them 
that round, read 11.3. terrain). They are still treated as empty and either applying their effects to 

when unoccupied and free of overlay any figure occupying that boat hex or 
tiles. springing them for no effect if the hex 

Introduction is unoccupied. Figures on boats suffer 
The hidden entrance at the base of the Any character occupying either hex damage when entering hazardous terrain 
rocky cliffs is exactly where the Vermling of either boat A or B may forego as normal.
barkeep said it would be. The sound of a bottom action (discarding the card 
the crashing waves behind you masks the instead) to move the hex of the boat Once a boat is moved by any character 
noise you make while clearing out the they occupy up two hexes, along with at least once, it will then move on its 
brambles and debris obscuring the small themselves. For each hex one boat hex own. At the start of each round, each 
cave opening. Beyond, a curved stairway moves, the other boat hex enters the hex previously moved boat moves two hexes, 
leads down to a stone landing at the edge the first one exited, along with anything focusing on moving toward and opening 
of a water-filled cavern. A subterranean on it. No boat can enter an occupied door 1. Boat A moves before boat B.
river flows deeper into the cave past vile 
clouds of noxious fumes. You see two old Loot
log rafts moored to the landing. Echoing Section Links
sounds of splashing water and chittering   x8 When door 1 is opened, read 170.2.
from the darkness suggest that this hideout 
isn’t as abandoned as you had hoped.   x4 

  x4 Map Layout
  x1 
  x1 

16-B 11-B 10-B

Scenario Key

Lightning Eel Large Cave 
Corridor 2

Living Bones Large Metal B
Corridor 3

Living Spirit  Trap 6
A 1

Lurker 
Wavethrower Barrel 2

Piranha Pig Bookshelf 1

Cave Door 1 Treasure 1

Dungeon Door 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
165



137 • D3 Pirate Queen’s Haul  

  Biting Sea Design: Nikki Valens; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Given the treacherous rocks, Captain noises, monsters disturbed by your 
The scenario is complete when all Doghogger can’t sail any closer. Dinah presence. With a smile as cold as your 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of commands him to anchor while you take a surroundings, Dinah unsheathes her blade. 
that round, read 138.3. dinghy. At her imperiousness, the Captain “Time to prove your mettle, mercenaries.”

gives her a side-eye, but she side-eyes 
him right back, and eventually, the battle 

Scenario Effects tips in her favor. He anchors. With Dinah Section Links
Each character adds two  cards to at the prow in the dinghy, you row to the When door 1 is opened, read 191.2.
their attack modifier deck. cliff face.

“Keep rowing,” she says, eyes glittering, Map Layout
Introduction and nervously, you do so, until a wave 

Who knew Frosthaven’s shores were host to slams you into the stark cliff. Or rather, 11-B
a dread Pirate Queen? That’s the question it doesn’t, and suddenly, you are beyond 04-A

Captain Doghogger keeps voicing after you the rock. It was an illusion. You are 12-B
and Dinah enlist him to sail you out to the plunged into the darkness of a hidden sea 
X marked on the map. He tries on different cave. Long minutes pass, the tide rolling 14-A
inflections, as if he will be recounting this you forward until the dinghy jolts. 
story in the Boiled Crab later. Dinah looks You’ve hit land.
ready to make him walk the plank. Luckily, 
her murderous tendencies are curbed Your torches reveal an ice-sculpted 
when she spots her quarry, a seemingly cavern. Deep in its crooked passageways, 
unremarkable cliff face. you sense flitting motions and irascible 

Scenario Key Loot

Ancient   x12 
Artillery  Trap 5   x4 1
Flaming   x4 

Bladespinner Water 9   x4 
  x1 

Forest Imp Barrel 2

Piranha Pig Barricade 2

Polar Bear Crate 2

Robotic 
Boltshooter Ice Pillar 2

Cave Door Large Ice 
2 Crystal 1

Dungeon 
Corridor 1 Mast 1

Ice 1 Stalagmites 6

Large Ice 4

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
166



2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
167



2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.