2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.



 2.1 • Howling in the Snow (0)

You’ve gotten through the more aggressive but you refuse to be their food. You have 
members of the pack, but that doesn’t greater ambitions than to be a frozen 
seem to have discouraged the others at skeleton on the side of the road, picked 
all. These wolves must be hungry, having clean of its meat.
endured through the entire long winter, 

47

1

 2.2 • Howling in the Snow (0)  2.3 • Overrun Barricade (43)

Conclusion There are just too many machines. You Special Rules
With enough of the pack slain, the rest destroy one, and two more take its place. At the start of each round, spawn one 
slink off back into the white wasteland. Crain’s devices, though powerful, are too Ruined Machine at either A. It is 
But there is no time for celebration. No small to make a dent in the Unfettered normal for two characters, elite each 
cheers to mark your victory. You still need ranks. You need to change tack, and, second spawning for three characters, 
to get over the next ridge before nightfall, apparently realizing the same thing, the or elite for four characters.
and all you’ve done is tire yourself out. Quatryl shouts over the battle.

Each A is an escape hex.
The caravan trudges forward. Some of “To the side! Up near the ceiling—a 
its members nod solemnly to you as they passage we can escape through.”
pass—a thanks for keeping them alive just 
a little longer. This brutal place has not You spot the opening a little way ahead. 
won today, but there is always tomorrow. It’s another tunnel branching away, and if 

you get inside, you can seal the opening A
behind you. It’ll be hard to cross the 

Rewards battlefield, but it’s your only chance.  A
You should now be ready to take on You hoist your weapon high and  
scenario 1 on the following page in begin the push forward.
the Scenario Book. Do not perform 2
an Outpost Phase until you have 
completed scenario 1.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
2



 3.1 • Stables Built  3.2 • Call of the Harbinger (56)

A robust “Hallo!” greets you when you It happens in a blink. The room—the Special Rules
enter the stables, whose final boards are Harrower nest, the flurry of limbs and Place the destroying character in A 
being nailed down. The head animal steel and root—suddenly vanishes and you and any of their summons and tokens 
handler, a no-nonsense Inox, invites you stumble onto new ground. in hexes adjacent to them. No figure 
in while she’s in the midst of muscling a can teleport between tile 15-B and any 
hot-tempered stallion back into his stall. Spinning around, you find yourself other tile.
You offer to help, but she has the situation transported into a realm of shadow. Your 
under control, lowering her head so the hands, the stones beneath you, even the air The Harbinger of Shadow 1 is now 
horse becomes intimidated by her horns. is cloaked in sheets of tangible shadow. A active. It can be damaged.

short distance away is a creature: a lanky 
The musk of the stables envelops you in figure of bone and sickly skin, of twisted 
a not-unpleasant manner as you follow vertebrae and horn. It faces you with Section Links
the Inox from stall to stall, admiring the naked pride. This is a true monster of the When the Harbinger of Shadow is 
animals. “If you ever capture and tame dark divine—something dredged from the reduced to at most two thirds of its 
any beast,” she says, “you’re welcome to very bottom of the Void. It is corruption maximum hit point value (rounded 
house them here. I’ll make sure they’re incarnate, a body molded and possessed by down), read 21.2.
taken care of and—” the stallion kicks the vileness itself.
stall as you pass, and she kicks it back, 
cowing him. “—behave themselves!” But “So clever,” the demon says. Its voice is a 
then she winks at you. “To a point. We grating whine that tears at your ears and 
don’t want to take the wild out of them makes your muscles clench. “So clever to 
completely. Here, why don’t you take this? find my home and my beauties. But what 04
Should make the trapping part easier.” now? What now, fragile thing?”

1
The Inox hands you a net, then smiles The demon’s body unfurls, its gnarled 
mischievously, patting the stallion. “Now, claws opening far wider than they rightly 
how’d you like a ride?” You back away, should. Its very existence is a violation of 
thanking her but claiming you have other natural life. There should have been laws, 
duties to attend to. guardians, divine obstacles to prevent this 

twisted thing from invading your reality. 
But there is only you—a mortal in a realm 

Rewards not meant for mortals, caked in dirt and 
Add event WR-42 to the winter sweat and blood. Your chest is heavy. Your A
road deck and event SR-42 to the mind is frayed. The very air here saps your 
summer road deck. strength. But you cannot relent.  

You cannot.
Gain “Trainer’s Net” 247 .

 3.3 • Edge of the World (7)

Conclusion sea, away from the cliffs and the frozen to swim. This leaves you with a choice: 
Ripping the shard from the corpse’s safety of Frosthaven. And it wants you to You can either keep your feet on dry land, 
eye, you find the thing to be strangely take it there. following the shard along the northern 
beautiful. It’s slim and hollow, more like a coast 13 ; or you can build a proper ship 
piece of coral than a stone, and yet, there is This must have been what the Lurkers and head out into the ice-choked sea 14 .
a certain weight to it that seems uncanny were after: a strange goal for what you 
for something only the size of a dagger thought were beasts no more sophisticated 
handle. You bring it closer, admiring its than wolves or spiders. Yet as the chunk of Rewards
crags and hollows, but as you do, you feel coral speaks to you, you know it to be true. Gain 10  each. Gain “Coral 
its weight grow. It presses down on your They sought this object, and in order to Shard” campaign sticker. 
hand and then into your mind, sinking into understand why, you’ll have to follow the  
you and pulling. The coral shard speaks pull of the shard north across the water. New Scenarios: 
to each of you, not with words, but with But Frosthaven’s tiny fishing vessels aren’t Frozen Fjord 13 , Jagged Shoals 14
desires. It wants to move north, far out to fit for the journey, and you’re not about 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
3



 4.1 • Jagged Shoals (14)

Conclusion sense sadness, confusion, jealousy that Finally, a plea: you see the shards pull 
The shard breaks loose with a final heave, the shards have chosen land-dwellers. back together in your vision, re-making 
skittering onto the stones. All at once, the But Sun in Shallows doesn’t move to take the coral crown and banishing the 
battle around you stops. The creatures turn the treasures; instead, she inhales deeply, darkness from the realm of the Lurkers 
and stare, their eyes wide, and then flee, her chinked carapace swelling. When she forevermore.
shrieking into the water. exhales, you feel another vision invite 

itself into your mind—a story told in a The vision fades, and you’re left blinking 
The new shard is much like the first piece series of psychic images. in the sunlight. Sun in Shallows stands 
you found, small and hollow, but still you before you, her hope for the future of 
are taken by its beauty. In fact, you are Deep, deep beneath the waves, a beautiful the ancient Lurker kingdom laid bare. 
so transfixed that you hardly notice that crown rests on a pedestal in a palace made All that remains of your vision is the 
several new shapes have risen from the of woven amethyst coral—the work of all-consuming pull of the crown, which 
water around you. That is, until a lilting thousands of architects over hundreds of lingers in your minds as if asking a 
echo rings out, like a musician playing a years. A throng of Lurkers has assembled question: Will you do it?
crystal glass. to witness a coronation.

The creatures stand patiently in the surf, 
You turn and find a semi-circle of The crown calls to you from within the their huge, barrel-sized claws hanging 
Lurkers watching you from the shallows. vision, consuming your focus as the rest of taught before them. You feel the sting of 
You prepare for another fight, but the the image fades away. You draw closer to the crown, the emptiness in your chest.
monsters make no move to attack. Instead, it, feeling its power, but as you reach out 
the Lurker in the center tilts her head, to touch it, a cloud of inky sludge emerges You nod, and Sun in Shallows breaks 
repeating the same eerie tone. You realize and swirls around the crown, shattering it into celebratory chitters. She and most 
then that she didn’t actually make a sound, and plunging the assembled Lurkers into Lurkers descend back into the waters, but 
but somehow caused you to “hear” its darkness. The crown is gone. one remains, an offer of aid clear in your 
greeting inside your heads. The echo fades, minds.
and with it you feel your aggression wash What follows is a period of blind frenzy. 
away—you won’t need your weapons. You don’t know how many years pass And then the shards redouble their pull, 

in the vision, but you watch as the great drawing you now to the east, farther out 
The Lurker steps forward from the others, underwater empire collapses, its citizens’ into the sea.
and a shared vision flashes through your minds reduced to animal instinct. Artistry, 
minds: sunlight filtering through coastal craft, even language—all are forgotten in 
shallows, dancing in dappled waves over a the Lurkers’ decline. Rewards
delicate coral reef. The vision fades almost Choose one: Unlock  class box 
instantly, but you realize with surprise that Then, in the darkness, hope: a pinprick, an OR unlock  class box. Gain 
the Lurker is introducing herself:  oasis of light in the endless black sea. Then “Coral Shard” and “Shard Seeker” 
This image—Sun in Shallows—is the another, then another, calling out to each campaign stickers.
creature’s name. other. They are pieces of the ruined crown, 

scattered across the world. You see a few Add event WO-81 to the winter 
The Lurker turns her attention to the coral Lurkers in these oases begin to stir from outpost deck.
shards. She wants them too, you can tell; their haze and seek the shards out, though 
whatever pull you feel from the shards the other Lurkers remain in the clutches of New Scenario: Ice Floes 22
tugs at these Lurkers twice as hard. You the inky water.

 4.2 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

Special Rules
If you are entering door 3 from tile # 3
7-A and tile 2-L is unrevealed, read 

56.1 instead.

More caverns full of monsters, of course. 
You hear the faint sound of wind coming 
from somewhere but can’t pinpoint it.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
4



 5.1 • Vermling Siege  5.2 • The Dancing Iceberg (131)

As promised, the Vermling warband a small ship out loaded with our best and Conclusion
outside Frosthaven’s gates shake you avoid opening the gate entirely. We dock Pushing the corpse of the giant Conductor 
down for any food you have on you as outside the wall under the cover of the off of the iceberg requires some teamwork, 
you return. The Vermling wearing orange woods, then cut their throats while they but you are able to balance the platform just 
feathers looks particularly appreciative. sleep.” She turns to you. “We can’t just well enough for it to not topple over. As 
“The meat brings garnish!” The other stay under siege—our supplies are barely if awakened from a stupor, the remaining 
Vermlings chuckle, and it’s all you can do sufficient as it is. What do you think we Lurkers look around in confusion and then 
to keep from smashing their heads in right should do?” scuttle back into the sea.
then and there.

You figure your best options are to attack After catching your breath, you search the 
Back inside the safety of the walls you now, or hand-pick a strike force to travel ice, hoping the seashell didn’t slide off the 
circle up with Captain Olmstead in Mayor by boat and attack the Vermlings at night. iceberg during the battle. It takes some 
Satha’s cabin. time, but you find it lodged in a crack and 

dig it out, its beautiful song filling the air 
The Captain slams one fist decisively into Rewards once again.
the other. “We should conduct an all-out Frosthaven and all characters lose 
attack. Open the gate, send our forces all herb resources. There’s nothing left to do but sit back, 
through, and crush these rats underfoot.” enjoy the melody, and let your icy “raft” 

slowly drift back to safer shores.
Satha shakes her head. “It’s too Section Links
dangerous… if we fail, they’ll swarm in If you open the gates and charge, read 
and burn Frosthaven to the ground.” 22.3 now. Otherwise, read  Rewards

93.2 now. Gain 10  each. Gain 
She rises from her chair, pacing the room. “Mesmerizing Seashell” 237 .
“I say we wait until nightfall, then take 

 5.3 • A Town in Flames (1)  5.4 • The Unfettered Seal (62)

You run inside the gate and the breadth their frames like black, torched skeletons. “Brace yourselves!” Crain seems much 
of destruction becomes quickly apparent. And all about the wreckage howl the less optimistic than before. He winces in 
The town has been sacked. Smoke burns Algox, celebrating their victory in an fear as a pulse of light spreads from the 
your eyes. What structures still stand unrecognizable language. machine, annihilating all foes in its path. 
are bright with fire, and the rest smolder, When he opens his eyes, they fill with 

genuine surprise.

“Ha, yes! There it is! See? I told you I 
knew what I was doing,” he gloats. “Still, 
we’re going to need to do something about 
the range. More fine-tuning required...”

Special Rules
All monsters within  3 of Crain die.

1 Crain’s current goal is now E.

Remove any one of the six numbered 
tokens from the scenario, then shuffle 
the rest face-down.

Section Links
When there are two damage tokens 
on E, read 39.3.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
5



 6.1 • Algox Scouting (2)

Finally you make it inside the mountain, wholly rested and prepared to brawl. But 
but your victory is short-lived. Just past it matters little. There is no other way 
the cave opening huddles another group forward.
of defenders: musclebound Algox with 
icy fists. They’ve gathered in a circle, 
positioned like a lord’s private guard Special Rules
around some person of value, except all Ice sheet A has Cx(L+2) hit points. 
they seem to be protecting is an ice- It is an enemy to both you and the 
covered gap in the floor. Algox Priest and an ally to all other 

monsters.
“They guard the Skyhall,” your Algox 2
companion whispers. “We must break 
through that barrier if we are to end this 
fight.”

The guards, noticing your approach, turn 32
and shout.

“You cannot pass, intruders! The Skyhall 
is closed to your kind!” They move 
quickly, uncrossing their arms and 
stepping forward. Your body is worn 
and your lungs still burn from the climb, A
while these guards are fresh to the battle, 

 6.2 • Coin Solution  6.3 • The Lady in White (86)

You rotate the coins to the correct You move deeper still into the grove and Section Links
orientation and with a grinding pop the see the last two balete trees. It will be a When all three trees have been 
cave wall shifts to reveal a tunnel small shame to destroy their imposing, gnarled destroyed, read 181.4.
enough to crawl through. It would be a forms, but it is the only way to get the 
tight squeeze. Lady in White to face you.

Dinah sheds her overcoat and stretches her 
arms to limber up. “Barty always said I 
put the rat in pirate. Allow me.” She darts 
into the tunnel. Just when you think she 
may have betrayed you she scurries back 
out, an aged yellow scroll clutched in her 
claws. She rolls it out on the floor of the 
cave. You can make out where Frosthaven 
now sits, and a short boat trip away the 
bright red X that marks the spot.

Dinah can’t help but smile. 1

Rewards
New Scenario:  
Pirate Queen’s Haul 137  
 
Add a mutton sandwich to this 17
section number.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
6



 7.1 • The Savvas Seal (63)

It doesn’t feel great, fighting these Savvas Special Rules
whose wills have been taken over by your All monsters gain . From now on, At the start of each listed round, spawn 
enemy, but you also know what has to be whenever any monster is spawned or the following monsters at the listed 
done—what will happen to everything if summoned, it gains . Monsters cannot locations based on character count:
you don’t succeed. remove  with healing.

And so, you buy Crain time. His Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
contraption is slowly building up power, 
and you can already see its effect on the 5, 7 E: One normal E: One normal E: One elite 
Savvas. Their power wanes. Savvas Icestorm. Savvas Icestorm. Savvas Icestorm.

6, 8
Section Links D: One normal D: One elite D: One elite 

Savvas Lavaflow. Savvas Lavaflow. Savvas Lavaflow.
At the end of the eighth round, read 

148.1.

 7.2 • Frozen Crypt (5)

This place you’ve fallen into, which at stone altar, from which burbles thick lines 
first you took for a simple underground of heavy emerald smoke.
pit, appears now to be something more 1
purposefully constructed—a crypt. Narrow 
graves have been dug into the earthen walls Special Rules
and signs of ancient burial are scattered All Frozen Corpses are immune to 
everywhere: bits of smashed pottery, damage and cannot be focused on by 
disintegrating cloth. However, as you summons until altar A is destroyed. 
move deeper, something stirs in the center Altar A has (3+L)xC hit points. It 
of the room and a new noise rises to your is an enemy to you and an ally to all B
ears. It’s low at first, like a beast waking monsters.
in the night, but then another noise joins 
it, and another. Together they form a low Set the round track to the first round. 
chorus of moans. Figures stalk out from the At the start of the third round, spawn C
shadows, and it’s clear that these are not one Frozen Corpse at B. It is normal 
beasts at all, but a horde of the undead. for two characters or elite for three 

or four characters. At the start of the 
Lumbering Algox corpses shuffle toward fifth round, spawn one Frozen Corpse 
you, glowing with a sickly green aura. at C. It is normal for two or three A
There’s little time to think, but at the far characters or elite for four characters. 46
end of the room you notice a crumbling 

 7.3 • Carpenter Built

A wood-carving contest inaugurates collective mandibles. Once they recollect instantly into a miniature version of you. 
the opening of the carpenter’s shop. themselves into a vaguely humanoid They place your model in the center of the 
You wander among booths displaying shape, they reveal their project: a to-scale Frosthaven replica. After all, the Harrower 
inlaid trinket boxes and cooking utensils model of Frosthaven. “We will keep says, it wouldn’t have come to fruition 
alongside life-size replicas of Lurkers and adding to it,” they hum at you, “as long as without you.
polar bears. The pavilion is filled with the you keep doing so.” With the carpenters, 
sounds of hacking and sawing. they note, constructing buildings will now 

be less costly. Rewards
One carpenter is a Harrower, whose Add events SO-53 and SO-60 to the 
undulating insect form obscures a large A few of their insects pick up small summer outpost deck.
chunk of wood, chipping away with their cylinders of wood, which they carve 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
7



 8.1 • The Tempus Forge (106)  8.2 • Depths of Delirium (27)

Special Rules Conclusion it. And, sure enough, a slim piece of pink 
From now on, at the end of each round The monsters are dead, but you keep coral stares back at you from the box.
until the altar in this room is destroyed, hacking at them until some sense of 
all characters suffer 1. reason returns. It takes a good while. You pocket the piece of the crown and 

When you finish, you look around and then march back to where you started, 
find that the chamber has been reduced hoping that the dead will stay that way.
to scattered bones and splashes of ooze. 
Your boot prints mark out a chaotic dance 
in luminescent green, and the tendrilled Rewards
beasts, whether or not they were the Gain 10  and 1  each. Gain 
source of your waking nightmares, are “Coral Shard” campaign sticker.
rendered into a slushy heap.

1 The room, now wholly empty of life, sits Section Links
vacant and cold except for a small stone Read 36.7 now.
box in its center. You kneel and open it, 
hoping that whatever treasure is stored in 
this long-forgotten place has been worth 

 8.3 • Algox Offensive (3)  8.4 • The Eternal Crave (122)

Conclusion The offer is bizarre, certainly, but there’s This is it! You see a growth of mammoth 
Once inside the cave, the sounds of an advantage to be had here. Satha charged bark on the other side of the cavern. You 
battle soften, the thick ice-covered walls you to find a way to help stop the attacks, are bound to find a few dried out pieces of 
dampening the roars. As you look back, and it would seem one has presented itself: it to collect.
however, a single large figure stumbles if you help this group defend their home 
back from the fray and calls to you. from these “Snowspeakers,” you may be 

able to make peace with the victors. Special Rules
“Warm-bloods,” the Algox says. It’s one The goal treasure tile represents the 
of the brawler Algox—a fighter as tall as It’s slow going at first. The Algox explains mammoth bark.
a horse—but one of its arms is hanging its situation further through labored 
loose by its side, and the fur on its stomach breath. It seems this place, Snowscorn 
is matted with blood. “All our enemies Mountain, holds religious significance Section Links
come to fall upon our head at once, eh?” to the Algox clans. Both factions want When the mammoth bark is looted, 

control of it, but because of the animosity, read 109.3. 
Your look of confusion prompts the only one can occupy it. Apparently, when 
creature to speak further. the resident Icespeakers returned battle-

weary from their attack on Frosthaven, 
“The Snowspeakers,” he growls and the Snowspeakers seized the opportunity 
gestures outside, “invaded our home. They and launched an invasion to take back the 
have killed many.” He looms over you mountain.
even from a distance. “But perhaps you 
can help us fight back?” You’re not sure which side you should 

take in this whole thing, but you know this 6 Goal
Until a second ago you didn’t even realize information is valuable. So you follow this 
Algox could speak your language. And creature farther into the cave, wondering 
yet here one stands, asking for your help. whether this is what Satha had in mind.
He moves his massive bulk to the side and 
waves a hand toward his dead comrades. Rewards

Gain 1  each.
“They kill us... because we are... Place map overlay sticker W on the 
Icespeakers,” he taps himself on the chest map in location W (M7).
as he says this, wincing slightly. The  
creature, despite his great size, is made New Scenario: Heart of Ice 4
somehow smaller by the gesture. “You can 
help us.” Locked Out Scenario:  31

Algox Scouting 2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

8



 9.1 • A Town in Flames  (1)

Conclusion would be alive if your employers, the The bunks in the remaining longhouses 
You lower your weapon and breathe as the Merchant’s Guild, never stuck their noses are all occupied by the injured, but you 
remaining Algox retreat, scurrying from in our business. find a dry stretch of floor to lay your heads 
Frosthaven like giant white mice. They’ll on your packs. You doubt you can sleep 
be back, you’re certain of it, but for now, “I’ve spent my whole life here in what was after the horror that greeted you in this 
you can rest. You wipe the soot from your once a fishing village, living and letting little outpost, but before you know it a 
face and take stock. live with the Algox. Until last summer, young Valrath man is nudging you awake: 

that is, when the Merchant’s Guild sent Satha’s scout has returned with his report.
Frosthaven is almost exactly what you some garrisons and bureaucratic-types 
imagined: a knot of gray stone and up here to see how Frosthaven could ‘be He tracked the attackers to the foothills 
timber surrounded by sharpened palisade of more use to the empire’. One of their of the Copperneck mountains, where they 
walls—a place where mere survival is expeditions proceeded to muck about in entered a cave at the base of Snowscorn 
an everyday concern and where only the an Algox burial site, and the next thing Mountain 3 . Interestingly, a smaller 
desperate could feel at home. Thankfully we know, righteously angry Algox are band split from the main group before they 
though, the townsfolk are tough. They’re attacking us. The ink-stains immediately reached the cave and hiked around to the 
already on their feet, dousing fires and high-tailed it out of here, leaving just a mountain’s deadly eastern face 2 . The 
picking through rubble. In fact, one of handful of soldiers behind to keep us safe.” scout didn’t see where they went, but he 
those townspeople is marching right for suspects a secret entrance to the Algox 
you; a sharp-featured human woman with Satha clenches her gauntlet tighter and stronghold.
a fighter’s muscular build, close-cropped tighter as she tells the story, but now 
hair and dark skin, approaches and offers releases her grip. “I’ve had to learn a lot “One last thing,” the Valrath says as you 
a gauntleted hand in greeting.“The sea be of things in the last year. The hard truth is wipe the final dregs of sleep from your 
praised,” she says, crushing your fingers that the Algox refuse to be reasoned with, eyes. “Another group is moving toward 
with enthusiasm. “We wouldn’t have held and the only way to stay alive and keep Snowscorn. They were Algox, no doubt, 
out much longer without you.” this place I call home is to win the fight, but they’re dressed differently than the 

regardless of who started it.” ones who attacked us. They carried long 
You nod and ask what happened. sticks and had some wild animals with 

Her face softens and she clasps your them. I don’t know if they’re going to 
“Oh, just life up north is all,” she chuckles. shoulder, hard. “There’s not many of you, attack the mountain or reinforce it, but 
“I’m Satha, mayor of this fort now that but I’ll take what I can get, especially now either way, you’d better get there quick.”
my predecessor and his lieutenant have that our garrison’s been thinned. And as it 
fallen. As for the Algox, they’ve been at happens, I have an idea.”
us all winter. Took them months to break Rewards
through, but they finally did. Killed a She turns and gestures to the town’s Set your morale to 2+X, where  
dozen or so of my people... and would’ve smoldering walls. X is the number of City Guards 
done worse if you hadn’t shown up.” still on the map.

“We took a beating in that fight, so if 
You explain who you are, that you’ve we’re going to survive much longer, we’ll New Scenarios: 
been sent from White Oak. At the mention have to do more than just sit around and Algox Scouting 2 , 
of the capital, her face scrunches up in wait for the next attack.” She sizes you up Algox Offensive 3
displeasure. carefully. “I’ve already sent a scout to track 

the Algox back home to the mountains. You will now perform an Outpost 
“It’s about time they sent someone to help Drop your gear at any longhouse that’s still Phase (read the campaign rules 
fix this mess they made,” she says, then standing and rest up. As soon as you’re starting on p50 of the Rule Book). 
tries to lighten her mood. “I don’t mean to ready, I want you to get over there and find 
be ungrateful. I am overjoyed to still be a way to slow these attacks.”
among the living, but a lot more people 

 9.2 • Black Memories (121)  9.3 • Old Coin

Conclusion It’s hard to be upset upon discovering Rewards
gold coins, but you do wish you’d found The looting character gains X gold, 

Rewards the mysterious one Dinah Snapclaw at the where X is how much gold one 
Gain “Mind-Thieving Helmet” 193 . Tavern asked you to retrieve. You’ll just money token is worth at L+1.

have to keep looking.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
9



 10.1 • Uniting the Crown (60)

Conclusion A tall Lurker appears at the far entrance claws and bows deeply in a display of 
Your vessels are battered beyond reason; of the dome, shuffling forward as the respect. The water around you dances as 
onboard lights flicker nervously and your gathered crowd parts to make way. To your the gathered crowd snap their claws in 
viewing ports are cracked. But you’re surprise, you recognize Sun in Shallows, celebration.
alive, and you have the final shard. the Lurker with whom you began this 

quest. But this creature has been ravaged The feeling of gratitude remains with 
You waste no time. Back at the altar, you since then; war, it seems, has taken a great you as you journey back to the surface 
carefully arrange the shards as you had toll. Two of the Lurker’s legs are missing, and rejoin your crew, leaving the Lurkers 
just a few moments ago. Your breathing is and one of her eyes is sealed permanently beneath the waves to rebuild their empire.
shallow; the air is wearing thin. You know shut. Scars and gouges mark its shell, 
you should head back to the surface, but wounds from countless battles, and yet Sun The ship’s mate charts a course back 
you can’t leave now—the shards won’t in Shallows trudges forward all the same, home, and you regale the crew with the 
allow it. They compel you to finish what using her claws to keep balance. tale of your journey beneath the waves. 
you started. It’s a harrowing story, and yet as you 

When she reaches you, she stands on tell and retell it in the weeks that follow, 
The pieces move together in the dimness, the opposite side of the pedestal and you always leave one part unsaid. It’s a 
one snapping into the next until finally repeats the mental echo greeting she first feeling that’s followed you ever since you 
there are only two halves. And there, hailed you with so long ago. The crowd resurfaced, and it only intensifies as you 
at the bottom of the ocean, your hearts echoes back, an eerie keening symphony approach Frosthaven and put more and 
thumping, you bring the final pieces that swells with anticipation as Sun in more distance between yourselves and the 
together. Shallows lifts the crown. Lurker city. You weren’t sure what it was 

at first, but now, after several long nights 
Light. A painful bloom of white and At once, she is transformed. The light that of rumination, of staring out at the moonlit 
gold. The shards, which a moment ago radiated throughout the dome cascades waves, you are certain. It’s a haunting 
were little more than chunks of coral, downward and infuses itself into the desire, a hunger to own something you can 
are transformed into a curve of golden wearer of the crown. The Lurker is never have—it is the deep, unrelenting 
brilliance—the crown. It’s just how you imbued, rising with new strength. The pull of the crown.
remember it from your visions: a radiant light pours onto the wearer and etches 
circlet of light and power, an exultant elaborate designs into its shell: intricate 
beacon for a new age. It radiates with golden filigree interlocking to form a great Rewards
light and fills the dome with a marigold tapestry of a regal tattoo, each line shining Gain 2 morale and 1 prosperity. 
brilliance. like the morning sun. Gain 30  each. Unlock whichever 

class box is still locked:  or . 
It doesn’t take long for the Lurkers to The coronation complete, the Lurker queen Gain “Crown Reunited” campaign 
respond. They arrive in droves, first turns to you. Her vision comes to you sticker. Remove all  events from 
hesitating at the dome’s entrance, shying clearly, powerful with intent: A new age of all outpost event decks. 
from the source of this incredible shine enlightenment has begun for the Lurkers, 
but then their courage returns, and they fill and with it unity and peace between Add event SO-48 to the summer 
the chamber in earnest. Thousands arrive, the people of the sea and the coastal outpost deck and event B-17 to the 
called to the rebirth of their empire. A settlements of land-dwellers. Gratitude boat deck. 
great procession fills the dome, plugging suffuses the vision, warm and joyful. You  
every exit with chitinous limbs and have returned to the Lurkers their greatest Add one  card to the town  
excited chitters. treasure, and with it their hope. The vision guard deck.

fades, and Sun in Shallows presents her 

 10.2 • Ruins of the Solstice (104)

Conclusion one of these two symbols, either the leaf before the secrets of the key will be made 
At last, you have found a clue that might representing spring or the snowflake fully known to you.
help you discover the nature of these keys. representing winter. You remove these 
Atop the pedestals, you find two halves icons from the fallen and, to your delight, 
to a mold in the shape of a key. The mold they fit directly into the inset carvings on Rewards
is made of stone, with engravings that the mold. Some magic within the stone Gain 2 collective . 
dictate all four elements. You look around triggers, and the carvings throb with pale  
at the enemies you defeated. Each wears light: green for spring, and blue for winter. Add event WR-49 to the winter 

It seems there is more you must uncover road deck.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
10



 11.1 • Old Coin  11.2 • The Eternal Crave (122)  11.3 • Abandoned Hideout (136)

A healthy stack of gold coins, but Conclusion Conclusion
unfortunately not one of the ones you’re The beast is wounded, probably mortally, You gather up your treasure, taking 
searching for. and looks at you, knowing it’s defeated. Its special care with the ancient coin you 

eyes are full of desperation, as its eternal found on the rotting shelf. It takes a while 
craving slowly brings it down to despair – to get back up-river to the cave’s exit, but 

Rewards the realization that its hunger shall never at least you’re not being harassed by eels 
The looting character gains X gold, be sated again. “So hungry...” It groans this time around.
where X is how much gold one one last time as life leaves its pitiful hulk.
money token is worth at L+1. In the sun, it is perfectly clear: this is one 

“Well, I must admit, I didn’t think that of the coins Dinah is looking for. There’s 
would work,” Noore marvels. “You all are still the matter of the other two she wants 
tougher than I thought, even if you can’t you to find, and then you can get to the 
hold down a firepepper.” true pirate’s booty.

 11.4 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

Definitely a human male crushed beneath Rewards Rewards
the rock here, but this guy has probably Gain 10 gold each. Gain 20 gold each. Gain “Ancient 
been dead for months and is little more Coin” 245 .
than a desiccated skeleton.

 11.5 • My Private Empire (107)  11.6 • Tower of Knowledge (134)  11.7 • The Lead Door (103)

With the “dance” complete, the bell chain Special Rules 2
drops again. Spawn one Shrike Fiend at the closest 

nest, which the Shrike Fiend treats as 
a corridor. It is normal for two or three 

Section Links characters or elite for four characters.
The next time any character enters C, 
read 155.1.

 11.8 • Puzzle Solution

You stand in the new shack that Crain across the ceiling, composed of fifteen or shattering glass. “The horns! The attacks! 
must have either built or summoned twenty multi-colored ribbons that weave The... clanging of metal!” He punctuates 
through dark means, because you don’t in and out of each other, seemingly at this last bit with another vial.
remember seeing it before today. In front random.
of you is Crain’s newest creation: a series “I can’t do my work like this!” He laments. 
of glass lenses, each coated in a different “Now this is the energy signature from the “There’s too much stress—too much 
varnish and arranged around a small metal Radiant Forest.” Crain switches out the commotion. Can you do anything to stop 
platter. On that platter, sits a vial of multi- vial for a different one full of red liquid, the incessant Algox raids? Go out there 
colored liquid. and the prism changes completely. Instead and make some friends or something. 

of twenty ribbons moving at random, there What do I pay you for, anyway?”
Crain draws the shade on his shed’s are now only seven or eight, all shaded 
singular window and then aims a small red, and all bound together like a rope You’re about to retort that Crain is most 
mining lamp at one of the lenses. As soon that’s swaying in the wind. “The signature definitely not paying you, but you decide 
as he does, the contraption floods with from—” to just leave the troubled Quatryl alone 
light and then projects a strange prism instead.
onto the ceiling. Crain is interrupted by warning horns 

from the wall: Algox to the east. Crain’s 
“It took some serious alchemy, but I’ve demeanor immediately switched to one Rewards
distilled the energy signature from the of complete rage. He grabs an empty vial Turn to the next page in the  
spire,” Crain says. “And it’s the strangest and flings it against a wall. “I can’t take puzzle book.
thing I’ve ever seen.” The light dances it!” He yells, his outburst punctuated by 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
11



 12.1 • Crystal Trench (8)  12.2 • Avalanche (6)

Special Rules You scrabble and fight. There are creatures Special Rules
Each A is an escape hex. of the ice in this prison of snow, as well, Remove all snowdrift tiles from tile 

but nothing will stop you from digging 7-B before setting up tiles 2-E and 2-G.
Continue spawning Hounds as yourself out.
described in 21.1.

Section Links
When door 2 is opened, read 22.2.

A A

A A
2 1

2

 12.3 • Vermling Siege  12.4 • Trading Post Upgraded

Your time as a mercenary down south “No, this isn’t right! Look! It’s supposed to “BWAK! Squabbles is here. Pleased to 
gave you intimate experience with siege have been delivered to Jhinda! I can’t sell meet you. BWAK!”
weapons... especially their weak points. this here!” Xain is stamping his feet and 
You smash the mechanism that draws the ineffectively calling after the Quatryl mail Xain looks anything but amused. “A 
arm back, rendering the catapult a useless carrier as she departs. A new shipment of talking parrot. Great.” Xain sighs. “Well, 
pile of lumber. Right on cue Frosthaven’s goods has just arrived, boxes piled high. let me know if you want to buy anything. 
guards flood from the gates and collide He spots your party entering the trading I’m doing buy-one-get-five-free on leather 
into the Vermling flank just as they’re post tent and immediately looks for sandals this week.”
about to surround you. The Vermlings sympathy.
scatter, their army broken along with their 
mighty siege weapon. “Can you believe this? I have to run this Rewards

whole place by myself, and they can’t Add items 129  to 137  to the 
even get my shipments right. I’m short- available item supply. 

Rewards staffed as it is! There’s some decent things 
Gain 2 morale. Gain 1  each. I can move, but see this? Swimsuits! In In addition, add any of the 
 Frosthaven! Crates and crates of them! following items you have unlocked 
Do not resolve an outpost event this And what am I supposed to do with…” from Gloomhaven: 21, 37, 53, 93, 94, 
week. he pulls a covering off a cage, revealing a 106, and 115. 

rainbow bird inside. “A parrot?”

 12.5 • Upper Spire (24)  12.6 • Frozen Fjord (13)

Special Rules
Each corridor hex on tile 4-B is now 
an escape hex.

3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
12



 13.1 • Crystal Fields (18)

Conclusion angry shock shoots through the assembled Wood?” She asks.
You spin in every direction, scanning for crowd. “A forest of crystals that, when 
more mounds speeding toward you or dead called upon by the Icespeakers, would A clamor of “No,” rises up.
bodies rising from the snow, but after a unleash a force that no army could 
moment you’re sure: it’s finally over. withstand.” His words still carry venom, “No, of course not,” the newcomer, 

but they are thinned by exhaustion. Denpang, smirks at the chieftain. “And 
You turn to the lone surviving Algox. It “However, Geryuu has turned against us, with these champions on our side, we will 
is one of the Icespeakers, but he’s badly sending burrowers to slaughter us all. I have victory once and for all. We must 
wounded. You motion to the field, to the have seen what this path yields: endless plan for an assault, and these warm-
spikes of ice and the dead Algox that lie retribution and bloodshed. I wish for rest; bloods had best come with us if they 
behind you, and ask what it was all for. that is all.” wish to remain in our favor.” With a final 

confident snort, the young Algox departs, 
A look of desperation falls over the Outrage. The room breaks into full debate taking with her a sizable portion of the 
wounded Algox. “If you had asked weeks and your ears ring from the noise. gathered Snowspeakers.
ago, I would have said it was for justice... 
But now, it looks like a reason to get “Enough!” Chief Lanprul erupts and a The chief nods as if she expected such an 
ourselves killed.” thunderous crack emanates through the outcome.

room. She looks out over the gathered 
You offer to take him back to Snowscorn heads of her kin. “This one speaks truth,” “Do not listen to her,” she says. “It is peace 
and the Snowspeakers, where he may get she says, decisively. “There is no way we must seek. I have a plan to heal the 
healing in exchange for information about forward through war. We have fought divide between our two groups, but it will 
this whole plot. The survivor shrugs, but the ice-cult for centuries, and yet we are take time to arrange a peace summit with 
you sense a willingness in him. “Fine no closer to peace. There will never be a the Icespeakers. And I will also do what 
then, warm-bloods. Take me back. I want time when bloodshed is not met by more I can to delay Denpang’s assault. When 
to look the snow-sniffers in the eye.” bloodshed, and I say now is the time for the time comes, I hope you will join me 

change.” instead, and we will truly end this war.”
After a day of travel you arrive at the 
mountain and find the Snowspeaker chief “You are as naïve as your ancestors then.” 
in the central chamber. A tall young Snowspeaker steps forward Rewards

and addresses the crowd, her voice thick Gain 1 morale.  
“You bring curious reports,” the chief says, with arrogance. Gain one random item blueprint. 
turning toward the captured Icespeaker, 
“And you, ice-lover,” she leers at the “Sit down, Denpang!” The chief instructs, 
captured Icespeaker. “What can you say of but the young Snowspeaker does not move. Section Links
yourself? What are these ‘conduits’?” Add 122.3 to the calendar in four 

“Shall we simply stand by and let weeks.
The battered Algox speaks plainly. “They these heretics activate their weapons, 
are weapons,” he snorts, and a ripple of destroying our families in the Whitefire 

 13.2 • Old Coin  13.3 • Among the Wreckage (54)

The world is full of junk, but it takes Special Rules
a trained mercenary’s eye to spot the From now on, when any objective is 
valuables in a pile of trash. You scoop up a destroyed, do not reveal a numbered 
few coins before returning your attention token.
to the task at hand. Unfortunately, they 
look pretty normal—these aren’t the ones 
you’re looking for. Section Links

When the large cave rock on tile 4-A 
is destroyed, read 50.1.

Rewards
The looting character gains X gold, 
where X is how much gold one 
money token is worth at L+1.

3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
13



 14.1 • Puzzle Solution

For weeks Crain’s warning has echoed in The second you are in the Quatryl’s room “It’s a synthesis device,” Crain says and 
your mind. “The one who waits.” You hear and close the door, Crain throws off unravels the scroll to show a complex 
it at night, when things are quiet. Satha his cloak and dumps his broth into the diagram of some three-chambered 
suggested you let it go, write it off as a chamber pot. machine. “My last model was too small to 
passing madness, but you’re not so sure. contain the energies from the death-sites, 
That look on Crain’s face when you carried “Oh the horror! The blasted monotony of but this one should be able to handle it 
him out of the shed, the fear in his eyes, this place. I’m losing my mind.” Crain without the, um, unpleasant side effects.” 
that was no passing madness. rolls his head, cracking the bones in his He looks at you and any hint of that fear 

neck. “And Satha’s holding me captive! you saw in the shed is gone, replaced now 
Thankfully, a long stay in one of the Won’t let me work until I’m ‘no longer a by a mask of determination.
tavern’s new rooms seems to have done danger to my own health.’ A danger! Can 
the scholar some good. You find him you believe that?” “But.” Crain lifts a finger. “In order 
sitting in the common room, nursing a cup to finish the design, I’ll need some 
of broth in front of the fire. You admit to seeing some truth in her schematics from deep within the 

theory, that this line of research had some Unfettered complex. I remember catching 
“Why, if it isn’t my old friends, come to dangerous consequences not too long ago. a glimpse of them before I was caught. 
pay me a visit.” His voice is subdued, Crain just vehemently shakes his head. They should be kept near the Unfettered 
almost calm. He’s wearing a thick cotton leader. And bringing back some spare 
cloak and looking at you with a placid, “After what I saw last time,” he says in parts couldn’t hurt either.
doe-eyed smile. You carry on some tepid a low, sober voice, “I am certain there 
small talk before Crain offers to show you is nothing more important than this 
his room. research.” Crain shoves over his bed and, Rewards

using a sharpened knife that he must have Turn to the next page in the  
“It’s quite cozy, really,” he says, shuffling smuggled from the kitchen, lifts up one puzzle book.
down the hall like an elderly man. “Satha of the floorboards and retrieves a large 
really knows what’s best sometimes. A scroll of patchwork parchment, made up of 
good long rest, that’s what I needed!” several smaller sheets stuck together.

 14.2 • Ruins of the Solstice (104)  14.3 • Temple of Liberation (20)

The central room of the vault is larger than Special Rules The final pillar is reduced to a chaotic 
the others, depicting beautiful scenes of Each goal treasure tile can only be mass of cable and scrap, and the high-
both seasons. At the far end of the room, looted while a character occupies the pitched whine emanating from the orb 
you see a twin set of pedestals, one in each other goal treasure tile. slowly lowers and then sputters out. The 
zone. Hopefully, whatever is there will be yellow light flickers and fades. The orb 
worth all this trouble. is vulnerable, but the fight isn’t over. As 

a last-ditch effort to protect the power 
source, two hulking giants of metal rise 
up from the machinery beneath the orb. 
You’re not sure you could even bring them 

Goal Goal down, but with any luck, destroying the 
A orb should end this fight.

Special Rules
Do not spawn the Flaming 

A Bladespinner for the last metal 
cabinet. Instead, spawn two Steel 
Automatons at the glowing orb. These 
are normal for two characters, or elite 
for three or four characters.

A
The glowing orb can now be damaged. 
It has Cx(L+2) hit points. It is an 
enemy to you and an ally to all 

2 monsters.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
14



 15.1 • Deadly Pastimes  (85)  15.2 • Heart of Ice (4)

You follow the stairs back down into the Conclusion for their aid, we will allow their town to 
earth. Here, a river of lava flows, radiating A blood-curdling howl, a bitter shift in stand for now.”
intense heat and illuminating the room the air, one last fading flurry from the 
in an orange glow. You can see a charred Snowspeaker, and the battle is over. The At this proclamation, the entire mountain 
corpse on the far side. Of course they had aged Snowspeaker chief collapses to the rumbles, and a fear crosses Elland’s face.
to die on the far side. ground, lifeless, and the chamber grows 

still. Sweat evaporates from your forehead “They are at the summit!” An Algox scout 
and all around the battle-worn Icespeakers rushes into the cavern in a pure panic. 

Special Rules look on and the surviving Snowspeakers “A powerful Snowspeaker is performing 
Stairs 6 and I are linked. flee. A low voice rises up. a ritual—they intend to bring down the 

whole mountain!”
“A good fight, warm-bloods,” the voice 
says, resounding off the icy walls. It’s Elland turns to you. “This clan is not on 

C the Icespeaker chief, looking much worse your side, but with continued help, maybe 
for wear. He grasps his ribs, most of his they can be.

I weight settled on one leg. His face, though, 
Goal 4 shows not pain, but curiosity. “You helped “So you must climb,” the chief growls. 

us defeat these invaders, and for that, I “You must go up to the peak and find this 
am thankful. But why did you do it? Why Snowspeaker. Cast them down so the 
would you set foot in our sacred mountain wolves may eat their flesh. It will take 
and risk the wrath of our god Geryuu?” them some time, so you may leave and 

prepare. We will stop them from leaving 
 15.3 • Derelict Elevator (16) It’s the first chance you’ve really had to the peak until you return to prove your 

think about it, but you figure honesty is the friendship.” He nods at the rightness of 
You fight and dodge as best you can, but best option here. You explain that you’ve his words and then, considering you for 
more rocks come, pounding out an uneven been sent from Frosthaven on a mission a moment longer, decides on something 
beat on the elevator floor. to secure the town’s safety, and that you’d else. He claps an enormous hand down on 

hoped by fighting in the battle that you your shoulder, nearly bringing you to the 
might forge some sort of treaty with his ground.

Special Rules tribe.
Place one debris in each C. Any “And I shall send a champion to aid in this 
figure occupying C suffers trap “No, Chief Elland! The humans defiled the trial,” he says, his eyes wide and fiery, “to 
damage and is placed in the closest Sacred Clearing!” One of the Algox roars, ensure it is successful.”
empty hex. incredulous.

Pebbles rain down at D, E, and F. “These are their strongest warriors,” Rewards
This has no effect yet. shouts a priest. “We can kill them easily.” Unlock  class box. 

New Scenario: Avalanche 6
“Geryuu has brought them to us to help 

Section Links defend our home,” Elland shouts back 
At the start of the twelfth round,  at his surviving kin. “To kill them now Section Links
read 39.1. would be to go against His will! In return Immediately read 63.1.

 15.4 • The True Oak Triangulated

You respond to a note from Listeritus, here to stop it. They took my notes on parchment and begins scribbling out a 
returning to its cabin to find the place the location of the oak grove and then crude map. “Follow this. It should get you 
ransacked and the research stolen. destroyed everything else. to what you seek. I just hope you’re not 

too late.”
“It was the Radiant Order from White “I—I think they’re going to go destroy it! 
Oak,” Liseritus explains, nursing some You have to go stop them. The Radiant 
cracks in its arm. “They said they received Forest is a treasure trove of botanical Rewards
word we were conducting ‘blasphemous’ wonders, and who knows how much New Scenario: The True Oak 70
research up here, and that they were they’ll destroy!” Listeritus grabs some 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
15



 16.1 • Rusted Tunnels (25)

Conclusion hand. “Crain Tallengyr, at your service.” idea through some of the illustrations. 
Machines and more machines. What you Now, originally it would appear that these 
wouldn’t give for an enemy that simply You introduce yourselves, explaining ancient engineers created the machines as 
bled. But with the tunnels smashed and that while you aren’t a rescue party per a source of cheap labor, but in the years 
the room cleared out, the tide of metal se, you’re happy to lend a hand, and you since it would seem that the machines 
creatures finally comes to an end. ask how he came to be caged so far below have found a way to keep themselves 

ground. You learn through an exceedingly in operation without anyone around to 
As you wipe the sweat and dust from your self-important lecture that Crain is an command them, hence their name.” Crain 
brow, an odd, high-pitched noise begins to academic who ventured down here pauses for you to look impressed with his 
fill the air. You clear out your ears, but the one year ago on an ill-advised solitary theory. A piece of dead machine clatters to 
noise persists. It almost sounds like words. exploration. He was eventually captured the ground.

by the machines and has been kept 
“I say, down here, friends,” the noise prisoner ever since. “Anyway, more troubling than that is that 
says again. You look down and discover these machines appear to be planning 
that the source is actually a Quatryl. The You ask whether he knows another way something, perhaps an assault if you want 
man is tucked at the far end of the tunnel, out of this complex other than that infernal my opinion, and judging by their numbers, 
imprisoned in a small segment of tubing. elevator. “I should say I do,” says the I don’t know that any force above ground 
Several bars of scrap metal have been Quatryl, nodding emphatically. “I’ve been is prepared to take them on.” At this 
forced over the entrance in order to create here a year and am well versed in this ominous utterance, the Quatryl groans and 
a rudimentary cage. place, and the Unfettered have a dozen holds his head.

dozen little ways to ingress and egress as 
“Well I should say, quite a fight you gave they please.” “Oh my, I think I’ve spent too much 
those machines,” the Quatryl says. He time in that cage...” Crain stumbles and 
appears to be in good humor despite his You stop him for a moment and question collapses to the ground. If you want any 
obviously poor condition. His shirt sleeves this term, “the Unfettered.” more information out of him, it’s probably 
and pant legs are all so frayed that bits of best to bring him back to Frosthaven and 
fabric hang down like moss. His breathing “Oh yes, right, well, that’s what they’ve give him some time to recover.
too is ragged, his chest rising and falling named themselves, you see? The 
with a labored wheeze. “In any case, I’m machines, that is. Unfettered. They were 
mighty pleased to see you all. I quite built long ago by an elder civilization. You Rewards
expected my rescue party sooner, but this see—” Crain dives back into his prison Gain 2 collective  and 
should do well.” cell and pries up a piece of bent metal to 2 collective . 

reveal a hidden stash. When he reemerges  
With a bit of effort, you pry the Quatryl he’s holding a sheaf of folded papers that Locked Out Scenario:  
loose and, as soon as he’s free, watch him look to be cut from a larger text. “They Quatryl Library 26
stretch with genuine pleasure. left a history! Whoever they were, they 

were kind enough to record some of their 
“Ah then, now we can have a proper thoughts and, although their script is Section Links
introduction.” He extends a long, delicate quite archaic, I think I’ve got the general Add 128.2 to the calendar in four 

weeks.

 16.2 • Old Coin  16.3 • Beneath Sea and Stone (49)

You take a closer look at the coin you Special Rules
just picked up, wiping a bit of grime from Open all doors 2. 2
the face of it. No, it’s not one of the kind 
Dinah Snapclaw from the tavern asked When ice pillar B is destroyed, the 
you to keep an eye out for, but you pocket hex it occupied becomes an escape 2
it anyway. hex. When any character escapes 

while adjacent to the bathysphere, the B
bathysphere also escapes, removing it 

Rewards from the map.
The looting character gains X gold, 
where X is how much gold one A
money token is worth at L+1.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
16



 17.1 • Unfettered Shard (41)  17.2 • Job Posting

Another piece restored, another wave of the final culprit. Time to crush these “That’s what I’m trying to explain! There 
light pushing back the darkness, revealing things one more time. were lights, and the whole thing hummed 

like it… like it was still in use!” A young 
man is pleading with Glint, the Inox 

Special Rules records-keeper at the town hall. “There 
Remove the shadow wall from the map, In addition, spawn the following must be a few guards you could send to 
then spawn one elite Deep Terror at C. monsters at the listed locations based on take a look. What if it’s a whole mess of 
When this Deep Terror dies, instead  character count: those automatons getting ready to attack? I 
of a loot token, it drops another piece  crossed the Whitefire Woods just to bring 
of the altar. you this information, you can’t ignore it!”

Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters The Inox stamps some very official-
looking documents, conveying with every 

A: One normal  A: One normal A: One elite  ounce of his soul that he’s much too busy 
Living Doom. Living Doom. Living Doom. to take this report right now. “Right, well, 
B: One normal  B: Three normal  B: Three normal  I just checked the ledger and we don’t have 
Night Demon. Night Demons. Night Demons. any guards available right now.”

At the start of each even round, instead It is normal for two or three characters, “You didn’t check the ledger! You’ve just 
of spawning Night Demons, now spawn or elite for four characters. been stamping ink all over that page!” The 
one Deep Terror at C.  young man is adding more volume with 

every word.

Glint grumbles, shaking his head. “It’s 
a mental ledger, and I—” He spots your 

 17.3 • Haunted Vault (17) group walking by. “Hey! You lot! Got a 
live one for you. Says he saw robots. It’s 

When the final plate is depressed, the your go now.”
remaining door slides slowly down into 
the floor. Blackness. Eyes. A wave of The man rushes over to you, relief already 
pure malice: another menacing figure Goal playing across his face. “No, I didn’t 
hovers just inside the room, waiting for actually see the robots, but it’s clearly still 
you to enter. But behind it is a tempting working… something. Will you please at 
reward: an immense, ancient chest awaits, least go take a look?”
glittering in the deep gloam.

Rewards
New Scenario: 

5 Underground Station 96

 17.4 • The Eternal Crave (122)

Conclusion and into the inner chamber of the Hungry satisfaction and then lays down to rest in 
You throw the ingredients in what you Maw’s dwelling. You see it pacing up and peace.
surmise are the proper proportions and down the center of the room. It looks upon 
Noore stirs the cauldron. She produces a you and roars with an otherworldly sound. You carefully exit the cave, and Noore 
tasting spoon, dips it in the stew, and then congratulates you. “Well, that should keep 
holds it out to you. “Feed me! Fill my craving! I am awakened the monstrosity happy for another hundred 

with hunger, and my soul is cold!” years. I’ll try to pass down a less cryptic 
“Sample your work?” She asks. When you recipe to my ancestors this time.”
hesitate, she tries it herself and smiles. You set the cauldron down and back away. 
“Perfect!” It sees the hot stew and descends upon 

it with surprising quickness, lifting the Rewards
You lift the heavy cauldron full of stew and cauldron and pouring its contents into its Gain 15  each and 1  each.
carefully carry it through the ornate door unnaturally huge mouth. It groans with 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
17



 18.1 • Underground Station (96)

With the debris cleared out of the way, the Special Rules
platform trundles deeper into the system. Floating platform B now moves 
The sealed environment has attracted toward C, then toward door 2. Door 
denizens content with feeding off the 2 is locked and will unlock when the 
darkness, but it looks like they’re also floating platform moves adjacent to it.
happy for a change of menu.

Section Links
When door 2 is opened, read  

116.2.

C 2

1

 18.2 • The Eternal Crave (122)  18.3 • The Unfettered Seal (62)

You throw the ingredients in what you “Oh, ho, boy! This is it for sure!” Crain’s Special Rules
surmise are the proper proportions and machine vibrates wildly and sends out All monsters within  2 of Crain 
Noore stirs the cauldron. She produces a a massive shock wave, ripping into the suffer trap .
tasting spoon, dips it in the stew, and then fiends that surround you. But still, they 
holds it out to you. stand. Still they persist. Crain’s current goal is now C.

“Sample your work?” She asks. When you “Getting very close now!” Crain’s voice Remove any one of the six numbered 
hesitate, she tries it herself and frowns. “No, is full of confidence. “I should be able to tokens from the scenario, then shuffle 
no, it’s too weak, and the proportions are triangulate the position from here. Just the rest face-down.
wrong. Is that how many leaves a firepepper keep them at bay for a bit longer!”
has? And that axenut looks off, too.”

Section Links
Luckily, you don’t have to start over. You When there are two damage tokens on 
just need to figure out what the correct C, read 134.4.
amounts are and fix your mistake.

Section Links
Return to 162.2.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
18



 19.1 • The Lurker Problem (78)  19.2 • Job Posting

You decide to trust Trench-Coat, whether Special Rules “Alright, Satha wants you to check out a 
a man or not. The door to the right takes Doors 2 and 3 are now locked. spot called ‘Paradise Cave,’ short walk 
you from the hall into an irregularly from here.” Glint, the Inox records-keeper, 
sloped cave, deeper into the cliffs. The air Randomly place one numbered token hands over a bounty assignment to a group 
temperature plunges and in front of you face-up on each newly revealed of mercenaries who nod in appreciation. 
are, of course, more Lurkers. They’re riled monster. A second group steps up and the Inox 
up from having sensed the battle in the hands them their task: “There’s reports of 
previous room. a hot spring surrounded by edible green 

Section Links tin-berries. Take a look and report back.” 
This time, however, you are prepared as If all monsters in this room are dead Another bounty to another group.
well. The instructions warn you about this and died in ascending order based on 
group, and tell you to kill these Lurkers in their numbered tokens, read 136.1. You step up to the counter in the town hall 
a particular order. As the Lurkers skitter If they are all dead and died in any for your assignment and Glint rummages 
through the shallow pools, you luckily other order, read 170.4 instead. through some papers. “Right, you lot. 
have the order memorized, intricate as What do I have left…” Glint spots a 
they are. You’re not certain why the wadded-up paper crammed under the leg 
instructions call for this order, but maybe A of his counter and bends down to grab it. 
overpowering certain ones first will The furniture goes back to wobbling as he 
demoralize the others. Maybe Trench-Coat smooths the paper out on the countertop. 
knew what he was talking about.

“Yeah, this is something.” He leans in to 
Or maybe he’s just fussy. Far back to the look at the ink smudged on the bounty 
left, another passage wends away. Do you sheet. “Looks like the report says ‘Cave 
need to follow the instructions, with this that smells like fish.’ Some cartographer 
option also available? Either way, you came by a while back and said he found a 
won’t be able to pass until you deal with 3 cave that smelled real bad. It’s uh, super 
the Lurkers. important to Frosthaven that you check 

it out. Looks like it’s right around…” He 
looks at the page and chuckles ruefully, 
revealing a gold tooth. “Wow, that’s a 
ways out there. Good luck!”

Rewards
1 New Scenario: Rising Brine 83

 19.3 • Haunted Vault (17)

Hoping this is the final door, you depress 
the plate, and your heart also sinks. One last 
room full of plates and the angry undead. 
You’ll need to get the whole group through 5
this door in order to move any farther.

A D E E
Special Rules C B E E
Door 5 is locked and will unlock and 
open permanently when all characters D
occupy the four corresponding 
pressure plates E.

4
Section Links
When door 5 is opened, read 17.3.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
19



 20.1 • Thawed Wood (33)

Using the unnaturally warm air as a guide, Acting on a hunch, you pry up one of the Special Rules
you venture deep into the Radiant Forest, scales and are rewarded with a burst of Randomly place one numbered token 
turning in whichever direction the heat is fire from below. That confirms it: the heat face-down in each A. These represent 
strongest, and you eventually arrive at a source is somewhere beneath the ground. dowsing runes.
stone cave whose mouth radiates waves of You stumble back, blinking away the pain 
dry heat. as a seething body claws itself out of the If any character enters a hex with a 

ground—a flame demon. dowsing rune, reveal it. Spawn one 
Inside, the temperature is nearly Flame Demon at any adjacent empty 
unbearable. Each breath is like inhaling You draw your weapon as you realize the hex if it is odd or one Earth Demon if 
fresh steam. You cover your mouth and true danger of your task. You need to find it is even. These are normal for two 
move quickly. the heat sources and extract enough of characters, Earth Demons are elite for 

them for the Tinkerer to make your diving three characters, or both are elite for 
The rock itself is like a scorched kiln. The vessels... but there’s no knowing how four characters.
ground is cracked, broken into irregular many demons lie in wait.
scales like a dried-up mud flat in need of a A dowsing rune points to its own hex 
flood, and walking on it makes you worry and all hexes on tile 16-B exactly 
that your boots might melt.  X from it, where X is half the 

value on the numbered token (rounded 
up). Any character occupying a hex 
that three or more dowsing runes point 
to may forgo at top action (discarding 
the card instead) to gain one radiant 

A A stone. If this occurs, remove any three 
dowsing runes that point to that hex 

A from the map and place one of them 
on that character’s mat. Any character 
with a radiant stone adds  3 to all 

A A their attacks.

A B A Whenever any character starts their 
turn occupying a hex with a revealed 

A A dowsing rune, they may lose one card 
from their hand to move it to any 
adjacent featureless hex.

A
At the start of next round and each 

A A second round after that, spawn 
one normal Black Imp at B for 

1 two characters. For three or four 
characters, instead, at the start of each 
round, spawn one Black Imp at B. It 
is normal for three characters or elite 
for four characters.

 20.2 • Midwinter Brawl (93)  20.3 • A Grand View (94)

Conclusion our thanks. Perhaps you will accept one 
Scabwit turns to you and grins. “Well, of our woodland friends as a small gift of 
that will teach them to call us vermin,” appreciation?”
he says. “I’m sure there will be more 12
conflict in the future, but we will grow 
strong and be able to fend for ourselves. Rewards
For helping us this day, however, you have Gain “Small Rat” 235 .

2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

20



 21.1 • Crystal Trench (8)  21.2 • Call of the Harbinger (56)

Just when you think you’ve outrun them, silhouettes coalescing into fur and fang. The tangled creature screeches. It is 
the howling starts again. You glance There are too many to fight, so your only vulnerable here in this place, and you 
behind you to see the hounds emerging choice is to keep running. remind it of that fact. Black blood pours 
from the shadows of the forest – shaggy from numerous wounds. It is not pleased.

“Pest!” The word is spit from the beast’s 
Special Rules 2 horrific maw. “Begone from my realm! Let 
At the start of each round, spawn one the shadow consume you in the twilight.” 
Hound at any empty starting hex. It is It roars, and you are pulled back. The 
normal for two characters, elite each shadow recedes and you once again find 
second spawning for three characters, the mottled earth of the Harrower hive 
or elite for four characters. under your feet.

Section Links Special Rules
When door 2 is opened, read 12.1. Set the Harbinger of Shadow’s current 

hit point value to two thirds its 
maximum (rounded down).

Place the character on tile 15-B in 
any empty hex adjacent to any other 
character and any of their summons 
and tokens in empty hexes adjacent to 
them. Remove all Black Imps from tile 
15-B, and Harbinger of Shadow 1 is 

1 no longer active.

 21.3 • Among the Wreckage (54)  21.4 • Winter Arrives

Conclusion Everything is quiet. You hear only the It’s been a summer of adversity, but your 
What terrible things that Lurker saw, whir of the bathysphere and the deep decision is made: this outpost at the corner 
you hope to never find out. The fight is silence of the ocean. of civilization won’t make it through 
over. You hang over his dying body and another winter without your assistance. 
watch as the darkness flees from its face. You have what you came for, but the cost Of course, it’s possible they won’t make it 
Shadows vanish from the creature’s eyes to get it was great: these Lurkers own with you, either—but at least you’ll find 
like a fog lifting in the sun. Again the desire for the shard turned against them in out together.
creature speaks to you, but this time the a horrible blast.
vision is clear. The Quatryl mail carrier cinches her bag 

It takes some effort, but you manage to and plods through the main gate. In her 
You first see the corpse of a giant lying on push down the rising tide of doubt and satchel is your final reconnaissance report 
its side on the ocean floor, life blossoming refocus on the task at hand. You pluck the to the guild at White Oak, detailing the 
all around it as thousands of creatures new shard from the dead Lurker’s claw condition of the town, the support it will 
thrive on the bounty; an oasis of paradise and secure it in the bathysphere’s hold, need to continue, and your decision to stay.
in the endless abyss... it is the Lurker’s closer than ever to reuniting the crown.
“name”—Fallen Whale. With a sober final thump, the gates of 

Frosthaven seal shut. The populace barely 
The name-image fades instantly and you Rewards acknowledge it, but for you it means you’ve 
see the shards of the coral crown in your Gain 2  each. Gain “Coral Shard” linked your fate with that of this town.
hands, rising up and spinning around campaign sticker. 
each other until they join, reunited and  
gleaming. The image comes with a rush New Scenario: Rewards
of hope, then sorrow. The vision fades and Uniting the Crown 60 Gain 1 prosperity.
the Lurker opens his claw, holding out the 
coral shard. It glitters in the low light and 
then Fallen Whale is still.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
21