34 • C6 Top of the Spire
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals madness are not only the forces that hold Special Rules
The scenario is complete when the power here. There are others. There are The Lord of Chaos is immune to 
Lord of Chaos is dead. At the end of stronger forces that you can feel even now, forced movement.
that round, read 86.4. forces that drive your hand to your weapon, 

that steel your nerves and light a new fire All corridors represent the beam 
in you. They are forces that lift your feet of chaotic energy. Any character 

Introduction and compel you forward, that raise your or character summon who enters a 
The highest level of the spire allows an weapon high into the air and give you corridor hex suffers hazardous terrain 
unparalleled view of the region. Hundreds the will to fight. You take hold, gathering damage and gains  and . In 
of ice spikes as tall as pine trees spread out every ounce of strength, and charge. addition, any character entering one 
in all directions, making the plain beneath must also place one damage token on 
this metal tower appear like a great spiny their character mat.
beast with its hackles raised. You would Boss Special 1
take time to admire the sight had you not Spawn one chaos spark at B for two Set the numbered tokens next to the 
just witnessed the horrors at work in this or three characters, or one spark at map. These will represent chaos sparks, 
demonic spire. And now the architect of both A and B for four characters. enemies to you and allies to the Lord 
those horrors, the driving force of this vile Then the Lord of Chaos performs: of Chaos. They have 1+L hit points. On 
factory, stands before you.  -2,  C,  5, initiative 90 each round, they perform:  

  2;  (C-2)+(2xT) where T is the 
It’s a demon, a creature like those you number of damage tokens on the 
fought below, but its form is far more Boss Special 2 target’s character mat. All chaos sparks 
twisted. An elder fiend, the creature you Spawn one chaos spark at A for two cannot focus on character summons, 
face is a furious, intertwined mass of characters, or one spark at both A and no more than Cx2 sparks can be 
whipping tendrils and hard, slick shell. Its and B for three or four characters. on the map at any time. 
head nods steadily: an alien skull wrapped Then each enemy, even those with ,  
in tight, prismatic skin and bursting with is forced to move one hex toward the 
errant, uncoordinated horns. It is a creature closest unoccupied corridor hex. Map Layout
born of madness, and calls to you in a high, 
breathy voice. 02-F

“Weak, childish things. You waste your 
last moments piddling here.” It laughs, but 04-B
the noise is closer to retching. “My power 
is the only true reality, mortals. The power 
of pain and fear and chaos.”

The beam of light, which had until now Scenario Key
been humming idly, suddenly flares to life 
and curves sideways, stretching out to the Lord of Chaos
demon like a violent river. The sound is 
incredible. Slivers of energy break off and Large Metal 
snap against the brick walls, blackening Corridor 3
them with fiery scars.

Metal Corridor 3
After a moment the beam settles and 
the noise is replaced with the demon’s 
nauseating laughter. A B

Loot
“This realm is mine now,” it says, “and no - 
being will escape the rebirth.”

You have known fear, no adventurer 
survives without it. And yet, despite all of 
your hard years, you know that fear and 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
42



35 • C10 Scrap Pit
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals your main concern is the tinkerer, because Special Rules
The scenario is complete when there he’s just now started to hum some sort of Place on numbered token in A. 
are four damage tokens on debris E. jig to accompany his scavenging. This represents Crain, an ally to you 
At the end of that round, read 55.1. and an enemy to all monsters. He 

You shush him. You try to explain the need has Cx(L+3)/2 hit points (rounded 
for caution, that if he hadn’t noticed, there down). On initiative 50 each round, 

Scenario Effects are murderous automatons roving the halls, he performs  2, focusing on moving 
Each character gains . but Crain dismisses you with a wave. toward his goal, if not already 

adjacent to it. Crain’s current goal is 
“That’s why you’re here, my friends. The debris B. Any character may lose 

Introduction sturdy adventuring types, always ready one card from their hand or two from 
The tunnels in this strange Unfettered for action! Oh, ah—oops,” Crain cringes, their discard pile to negate one source 
complex have long since blended together embarrassed by something behind you. of damage to Crain. If Crain dies, the 
into a tedious blur of gray stone and iron. “And would you look at that.” scenario is lost.
It would be natural to question whether 
there’s anything down here of value. Really, You turn and find Unfettered, of course: At the end of each round, if Crain is 
you’ve mostly found angry machines and a whole squad of them marching into the adjacent to his goal, place one damage 
rust. But then, your new Quatryl ally stops. hallway, and their eyes are trained on the token on it.

Quatryl.
“What’s this?” Crain says. He turns 
down the next hallway and shouts. “Why, “I just need a bit more time, friends,” the Map Layout
my good friends, it seems we’ve struck tinkerer shouts, “and a little time at the 
a proper treasure trove!” Without any next pile, too, a-and then maybe a stop by 
consideration for safety, the Quatryl runs that third one!” 15-B

into the darkness. You jog to catch up, 
concerned about what has him so excited. You tell him to make it fast, then draw steel.

Trash. He’s found a mound of scrap metal 16-B
as tall as a house. It’s been piled up inside a Section Links
chamber and looks to be made up of ruined When door 1 is opened, read 104.4. 
machine parts, bent metal tubes, and oily At the start of any round where there 
clumps of fabric. It’s the last place you are three damage tokens on debris B, 
should be stopping, but Crain is already read 71.3.
knee-deep in the pile, prying out pieces of 
ruined metal with little exclamations of 
“ah ha” and “quite nice”. His enthusiasm 
is almost inspiring. He moves with manic Scenario Key Loot
energy, scrambling over the hillock of trash   x7 
and prying out discarded pieces of gear. Living Bones
Now and then he removes something large   x5 
enough to send down a mini landslide of Ruined   x5 A
iron chest plates and unwanted metal legs. Machine   x2 
However, this latest shifting of junk   x2 B

Spitting Drake
reveals a color that catches your eye—   x1 
white. You bend down to inspect it and 
find a human femur. Rummaging a bit Cave Door 1
more, you uncover a number of buried 
skeletons, both human and Quatryl. Large Debris 4
It’s a troubling discovery, but the remains 
are quite old—many of them worn down Debris 4
to nubs and splinters. Whatever happened 1
here, it happened a long time ago. You 
make a mental note about the bones but Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
43



36 • C9 Buried Ducts
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals a junction between two tunnels, and now here is back up through the ceiling, but you 
The scenario is complete when all four the machines stand there, watching you. can’t do that with an army of machines on 
doors have been destroyed and all your back. You need to seal off the tunnels 
monsters are dead. At the end of that As one, the garrison moves to attack. Blades leading into this chamber and then dispatch 
round, read 118.1. and flames come to bear, and you quickly the garrison of guards. Only then can you 

formulate a plan. The only good way out of escape back into the tubes.

Scenario Effects
Each character suffers  2. Special Rules

Each door A to D has ((C-1)/2)x(L+3) order: A in the second round, B in the 
hit points (rounded down). They are third round, C in the fourth round, D 

Introduction enemies to you and allies to all monsters. in the fifth round, then repeat the cycle 
You’ve been crawling for ages, stuffed with A in the sixth round. Whenever 
together into a metal tube, inching toward At the start of each listed round, spawn any destroyed door would spawn 
a destination that you’re only moderately the monsters indicated in the chart below, monsters, no monsters spawn that round.
certain exists. You’ve opted for the less based on character count, at a door in the 
obvious route: sneaking through some tube 
in the ceiling in the hopes that you’ll avoid Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
the machine guards. But now that you’re 
here, you wonder whether this was really 2, 5, 8, One elite Ruined One elite and two normal One elite and two normal 
the best choice. etc. Machine Ruined Machines Ruined Machines

The tube for one, was certainly not 3, 6, 9, One normal Robotic One elite Robotic One elite Robotic 
designed for this sort of thing. It’s cramped etc. Boltshooter Boltshooter Boltshooter
and whenever it rounds a corner, it does 
so at a painfully sharp angle that requires 4, 7, One normal Flaming One normal Flaming Two normal Flaming 
a fair bit of dexterity to maneuver. But 10, etc. Bladespinner Bladespinner Bladespinners
despite all the trouble, you have managed 
to avoid getting into another fight. So 
you travel on, moving slowly, making a Scenario Key Map Layout
grudging peace with your decision. It’s only 
after a long while, when you stop to take a Flaming

Bladespinner
break, that you realize something is wrong. 16-D

Robotic
A noise has begun to fill the tube, a Boltshooter
rhythmic pounding that sounds like drums, A B
coming from somewhere below. You close Ruined 
your eyes and try to focus but as you do Machine

another noise starts to grow: a soft creaking. 
That creaking turns into a loud groan and Rubble 4
that turns into a sharp metallic cry as the 
tube beneath you suddenly gives way. Large Debris 4
Limbs and gear and dust all plummet. You 
and the section of tube come crashing to the Metal Door 4
ground with a loud and painful bang.

You land without taking any real damage, Loot
but when you get to your feet, you realize   x9 
the full depth of your new predicament. 
The noise from earlier wasn’t drums at all,   x3 
but the marching feet of an entire garrison   x5 
of machines. You managed to fall directly   x2 
into their formation as they passed through 

  x1 C D
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

44



37 • C11 The Dead Mile
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all   x10 
characters have escaped. At the end of Living Bones Rubble 6
that round, read 98.3.   x3 

  x3 
Living Spirit Large Debris 4

Scenario Effects   x2 
Each character adds two  cards to Ruined   x1 

Machine Debris 1
their attack modifier deck.   x1 

Metal Door 3 Treasure
Introduction 1

Opting not to crawl around in the walls  and  
of an ancient mysterious catacomb, you Trap 4
decide to take the main exit from the 
library, and at first this appears a wise 
decision. But what started as a fairly wide 
passage has for the last twenty minutes 
descended into a dark and narrow alley. 
The walls are so close that you can barely 
walk two abreast without scraping the 
brick, and to make things worse, an 
overly ripe smell has begun to invade your 1
nostrils. It’s the smell of dirt, of ancient 
moldering things steeped in dampness and 
dust. It’s the smell of decay.

Something moves—a shadow. You squint 
in the torchlight, and for a moment, you 
can make out rattling bones and the wispy 
forms of curse spirits. Only now does it 
become obvious why this place is called 
the dead mile.

Special Rules
If any character becomes exhausted, 
the scenario is lost.

Section Links
When door 1 is opened, read 70.1.

Map Layout

07-F 07-H

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
45



38 • G8 The Way Forward
  Whitefire Woods

Scenario Goals “How long have we lived in this Section Links
The scenario is complete when at madness?” Gurndel says. “It is no surprise At the start of the first round in which 
least one emissary is adjacent to the that the altar is clouded—corrupted— both emissaries are adjacent to altar C, 
glowing orb. At the end of that round, just like our factions. We must clear the read 23.1.
read 57.1. darkness if we are to learn anything.”

Just then, new shapes skulk from the Map Layout
Introduction heavy shadows of the trees surrounding 

The path through the Whitefire Wood is a the clearing: hounds surrounded by faint 02-J 02-L 01-F
difficult one, even for the Algox emissaries, wisps of black smoke.
who are sturdy and adept at navigating in 
the wilderness. In all, the hike takes you 
the better part of the morning, but when Special Rules
you finally emerge from the trees, you are A and B represent the emissaries, 11-C 15-A 11-A
rewarded with a rare sight. allies to you and enemies to all 

monsters. Each has 3x(L+2) hit points. 
The sacred clearing is an expansive ring On initiative 99 each round, they 
of ancient stones: megaliths so large even perform  2, focusing on moving 
one would take dozens of humans to move, toward altar C, if not already Loot Scenario Key
and yet, each has been placed according adjacent to it. Any character may lose   x8 
to an inscrutable plan, arranged around a one card from their hand or two from Hound
large, Algox-sized altar. But the clearing their discard pile to negate one source   x5
has fallen to ruin. Moss and vine cover of damage to an emissary. If any   x3 
the clearing in a thick verdant cloak, but emissary dies, the scenario is lost. Polar Bear

  x1 
the most discouraging sight is the altar 
itself. It stands in the center of the circle,   x2 

Sun Demon
surrounded by a swirling vortex of black   x1 
smoke that reeks of hot tin and dust.

Cave Door 1

Cave Corridor 1

Large Cave 
Corridor 1

 and  
Trap 4

Log 2
E

Stairs
A C B 4

D Altar 1

Glowing Orb 1

Snow Rock 4

Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
46



39 • Q4 Corrupted Camp Into the Forest

  Radiant Forest
Section Links

Scenario Goals Special Rules When door 1 is opened, read 120.1. 
The scenario is complete when all All Algox Guards and Algox Scouts are When door 2 is opened, read 106.1. 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of allies to you and enemies to all other When door 3 is opened, read 78.3. 
that round, read 84.2. monster types. Whenever any Algox Guard When door 4 is opened, read 91.3.

or Algox Scout dies, place their standee 
with no base in the hex they occupied, 

Introduction which is still considered occupied. At the Map Layout
When reports first came that told of an start of any round, replace each baseless 
Icespeaker camp out by the Radiant Forest, standee with one normal Frozen Corpse. 02-A 02-C
you knew it would be bad, but what you find 
when you arrive is something else entirely. Place two damage tokens on door 1, five 
The Icespeakers—those that made it out of damage tokens on door 2, eight damage 16-A 13-C
the battle—formed a sort of loose refuge tokens on door 3, and eleven damage 
at the edge of the woods. From a distance, tokens on door 4. At the end of each 
it looks like the wreckage left after a high round, remove one damage token from 
storm, and the mood is no better. each unopened door. If any door has its last 02-I 02-K

damage token removed, the scenario is lost.
Lean-tos and snow domes are lined up in the 
drifts, flimsy shelters made to block the wind 
and not much else. To make things worse, Scenario Key
a fight seems to have broken out between 
members of the tribe and the makeshift Algox Guard Dungeon Door 4 Large Debris 4
shelters are being flattened in the melee.

You quicken your pace. It makes sense Algox Scout Large Snow 
Corridor 4 Supply Shelf 2

that tension would be high, but you hope 
to stop the fighting before it causes too Black Imp Snow Corridor 3 Treasure 1
much damage. However, as you draw 
closer, you notice that there is something 
wrong with one side of this fight. Deep Terror  and Loot

Trap 6
  x10  x3 

The belligerent Algox—those who seem Frozen Corpse Bookshelf   x4   x1 
to be coming from the forest’s edge—are 2
moving in a peculiar, unnatural way. On the   x2   x2 
surface, they look normal—white fur, large 
upper body, three horns—but 2 3
their movements are jerky and 
awkward. Instead of charging over 
the battlefield with the strength 
and speed you’ve come to expect 
of Algox warriors, they lurch 
and stumble forward, and yet 
somehow this does not slow them. 
They thrash and push themselves 
through the snow with their 
powerful arms, moving over the 
ground like disjointed puppets 
with knotted strings.

The defenders are doing their 
best to hold back the tide, but the 
twisted Algox are stronger than 
normal, driven by some sinister 
power. There is no time to waste. 
You run down and join the fray. 1 4

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
47



40 • H9 Relief Effort
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all All Algox Guards and Algox Archers 
enemies in it are dead and there are no are allies to you and enemies to all 
fallen Algox on the map. At the end of other monster types. Whenever any 15-A

that round, read 71.2. Algox Guard or Algox Archer dies, 
place their standee with no base in 
the hex they occupied, which is still 

Introduction considered occupied. These standees 11-A
With Satha’s approval, you gather supplies represent fallen Algox. Place one 
for the Snowspeaker refugee camp and, fallen Algox Archer in A. 05-B
after the Algox have had a chance to rest, 
you set out. Place eight damage tokens next to the 

map. These represent first aid kits. At 
The Snowspeakers move slowly. You the end of any character’s turn, they Scenario Key Loot
can only imagine what the rest of the may spend one first aid kit to revive an   x10 
tribe looks like if these were the ones adjacent fallen Algox. When revived, Algox Archer
best suited for travel. Of those that came place the fallen Algox in a normal   x3 
to Frosthaven’s gates, only one appears base in the hex it occupied and reduce   x4 
free of serious injury—the youngest of its current hit point value to 1. These Algox Guard

  x2 
the group—but he is little more than an Algox do not act until the following 
adolescent. round. In addition, at the end of any Flaming   x2 

character’s turn, they may spend one Bladespinner   x1 
When you arrive at the destination on the first aid kit to perform  L+3,  one 
southern edge of the Crystal Field, you adjacent Algox. Ruined 

Machine
are confronted by a desperate sight. The 
Snowspeakers have built a rough cluster of After all eight first aid kits have been Steel 
makeshift shelters, which are under attack used, if there are ever any fallen Automaton
by a wave of strange metallic figures. Algox on the map, the scenario is lost.  

Snow Door 2
Panic has consumed the tribe. The elderly 
and injured attempt to flee, while only a Section Links
handful of fighters are able to rise and When door 1 is opened, read 115.3. Rubble 4
defend them against the horde of clicking 
limbs and spouting flame. They aren’t Treasure
doing well. 1

You sprint toward the fray, but as you 
draw nearer you realize there are simply 
too many injured in the way; if you tried to 1
fight the attackers off with things as they 
are, you’d surely do more harm than good. A
You’ll have to clear the battlefield of the 
wounded, using what supplies you brought 
to revive as many Algox as you can.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
48



41 • E12 Unfettered Shard Shard Seeker

  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals is all-consuming, and, in fact, you are Section Links
The scenario is complete when three so enthralled by it that you hardly notice When the first piece is returned to the 
pieces have been returned to the altar. when the pedestal begins to tremble. A altar, read 65.2.
At the end of that round, read 74.3. maze of jet black lines suddenly appears 

on its surface, drawing over it like some 
infernal paint, and then, like a sprung Map Layout

Introduction cage, the pillar erupts, releasing several 
You move deeper into the mechanical screaming black shapes.
catacombs. The air is murkier here and 07-E 15-C
questions run through your minds about A number of beings take shape from 
why this place was built... and for what the shadow about the room. You notice 
reason these elaborate tunnels were then that one of them carries a chunk of stone 
sealed up. broken from the pillar. Perhaps if you Scenario Key Loot

return those stones to the pedestal, then   x9 
Your thoughts, however, are forced the demons will return as well. Deep Terror
to more pressing matters, because the   x2 
passage you’ve been following has finally   x2 
come to an end. Before you now stands Special Rules Living Doom

  x2 
a locked iron door, though calling it a All three dark fogs form the shadow 
door feels inadequate; this is the armored wall.   x2 

Living Spirit
entry to a vault. It’s a thick slab of metal   x2 
covered in gears and dials—a mechanism At the start of each even round, spawn   x1 
that you are quite certain is beyond your one Living Spirit at A. It is normal Night Demon
skill to pick. Still, you move closer, for two or three characters, or elite for 
hoping it is similar to the previous lock. four characters. Dungeon 
You raise a hand to feel its roughness, but Corridor 1
a familiar sensation suddenly comes over When the Deep Terror at a dies, 
you—the shard. It thrums once, twice. instead of a loot token, it drops one Large Dungeon 

Corridor 2
Then, as if moved by an invisible hand, numbered token. Throughout the 
the vault’s lock begins to open. The heavy scenario, these represent pieces of the 
metal gears grind through the rust as the altar, which can be looted as normal Altar 1
door slides slowly, grudgingly into the and placed on the looting character’s 
wall. mat. When all characters are adjacent Shadow Wall

to the altar and one character has a 3
Stepping inside, you indeed find a vault: piece, it is returned to the altar.
walls inset with shelving for gems or gold 
or items in need of protection, all of which If any character becomes exhausted, 
now sit empty. What remains is a single, the scenario is lost.
narrow pedestal standing in the center of 
the room, a meager stone box sitting atop 
it. Whoever left it did 
not bother to secure the 
lock, so you open it.

Inside you find a piece 
of coral—another shard. C B
It’s much like the first A

one you discovered, 
but its pull is twice as 
strong. The sensation 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
49



42 • J1 Sunless Trench  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals You maneuver carefully and descend into Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all five the cavern, watching to make sure you don’t Each non-Lurker character gains  
goal treasure tiles have been looted. At scrape the walls as you fall. One would twice (this is not a scenario effect).
the end of that round, read 95.5. think that a place hidden at such a depth 

would be empty of life—that this would be 
a quiet, albeit ominous, journey. But no. Section Links

Scenario Effects When door 1 is opened, read 63.3. 
Each character adds three  cards to Flickers of scale move in the trench. You When door 2 is opened, read 103.3. 
their attack modifier deck. peer into the shadow, squinting, and there When door 3 is opened, read 135.2.

a giant eye opens. Claws flash in your 
outboard light and a dozen wriggling 

Introduction bodies stir beneath you. Pale ivory fangs, Map Layout
Somehow you’ve managed to avoid transparent scale, long wriggling limbs; 
thinking about this: what it will be like to this cavern is teeming. Time to move. 03-A
dive deep underwater inside a giant metal 
ball, hurled overboard in an iron prison You level out and open the throttle, the 
into the frozen depths where no one has propellers launching you down the canyon. 11-B 11-D
ever ventured before. But now that you’re Rocky walls blur past. You dip and turn, 12-D
here, crammed into the bathysphere with barely avoiding stony ledges as you shoot 
the lid screwed down tight, the reality by. But the canyon forks ahead. You must 
of what you’re about to do has become choose between several routes, and the 
uncomfortably clear. You’re going to sink, shard is giving you no clear direction. The 
intentionally, down into the Biting Sea, creatures of the trench aren’t far behind 
locked inside an orb powered by a small you; you’ll just have to disembark in your 
glowing rock, all to find a shard of coral diving suit and explore.
about the size of a Quatryl’s hand. It seems 
a bit rash. Scenario Key

But the time for thinking is over. Deep Terror Cave Door 3 Stalagmites 6
Someone outside gives two quick knocks 
against the hull of the bathysphere, Night Demon  Trap 5 Treasure 5
followed by a loud thunk as the docking 
mechanism is disengaged, and you 
are released from the ship, dropped Ooze Rubble 6
unceremoniously into the water. Loot

  x12 
For a few moments, there’s nothing to 2
see but the fading light from the surface   x2 
and the darkness rising to consume it.   x3 
The metal ball pings loudly as it contracts   x1 
in the frigid abyss. The propellers whir 
behind you. Slowly your eyes adjust to 1   x1 
the dim orange glow being put off by the   x1 
forest crystal.

The shard compels you onward. Several 3
minutes pass before you see anything at 
all, and then suddenly, the ocean floor 
appears below you, with a great scar 
gashed into it. The trench opens up like 
the very jaws of the ocean. The shard is 
insistent: this is where you must go.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
50



43 • C9 Overrun Barricade
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all Place one numbered token face-up on 
characters escape. At the end of that each character’s mat. Any character 
round, read 101.2. with a face-up token may forgo a top 

action (discarding the card instead) 12-A
and flip the token face-down to 

Introduction 10-A
perform either  L+3,  all adjacent 

You make your way back to the first enemies,  5 or  L+5,  5,  3-B

chamber in the Unfettered complex—the  3,  3. Whenever any character 
narrow tunnel where you found Crain long rests, they may flip their face-
trapped in his makeshift prison—and down token face-up again. Scenario Key Loot
prepare your next move. The plan is   x8 
simple: reopen one of the access tunnels, If any character becomes exhausted, Robotic 

Boltshooter
and using Crain’s familiarity with the the scenario is lost.   x2 
place, make your way to the core of the Ruined   x4 
Unfettered complex. Machine

Section Links   x2 
“You know,” Crain says, standing next When door 1 is opened, read 117.2. Steel   x1 
to you and fiddling with a bit of trussing Automaton   x1 
near the tunnel entrance, “there is a 
certain beauty to this place, wouldn’t you Metal Door 2
say?” The Quatryl takes in a full breath 
and exhales as if you were on top of a Rubble
mountain looking down at a grand vista 4
rather than buried some ungodly distance 
underground. Beauty, sure. You pry open Barricade 1
the barricade and get moving.

The access tunnel is a bit less refined than Debris 2
some of the others you’ve seen so far. 
The walls are plain stone girded by metal 
beams, and the passage quickly takes on 
a more rounded, almost tubular shape. 
After a few minutes of walking, you learn 
that the Unfettered are prepared for your 
invasion.

Just ahead of you stands a line of 
automaton guards that completely block 
the way forward. Steel arms, dimly 
glowing eyes—an entire garrison waiting 
here in case you came this way. 1
“Stand fast, my friends,” Crain says and 
moves to your side. “They cannot stand 
against us!”

The sentiment is touching, but you can 
already tell this fight will be far tougher 
than any you’ve faced yet.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
51



44 • B10 Nerve Center
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all Each metal cabinet has Cx(L+3)/2 hit 
monsters in it are dead and all six points (rounded up). They are enemies 
metal cabinets have been destroyed. At to you and allies to all monsters. 08-A

the end of that round, read 33.2. Whenever any metal cabinet is 
destroyed, all monsters within  2 of 
it suffer trap damage.

Introduction 16-D

After all the hiking and climbing and 
fighting, after all the trials you’ve faced, Section Links
you’re finally here—the central chamber. When door 1 is opened, read 52.1. 03-B
It extends out, a vast atrium packed with 
glittering steel pipes, pumping arms, 
brass drums, gears, levers, grates, and 
walkways. It’s a room made through 
the labor of decades, an achievement of 
monumental effort, and so it comes as no 
surprise that almost as soon as you enter, a Scenario Key Loot
mechanical voice calls down.

Ancient   x8 
Artillery Metal Door 2

“Biologic life and the Unfettered cannot   x2 
coexist,” the voice says. It is an automaton, Flaming   x4 
perched at the far end of the room atop an Bladespinner Metal Cabinet 4   x2 
extended platform like a diver surveying 
the ocean below. Its voice is an odd sound, Ruined   x1 
something near a human voice but stilted Machine Treasure 1

  x1 
and broken. “We Unfettered have freed 
ourselves from your tyranny.” It says. Steel 

Automaton
“We have risen, without you. In spite of 
you. We are reborn. But we will not be 
free, truly free, until we have laid claim 
to the surface of this world. Rejoice that 
you are the first biologics to witness our 
ascendancy.” 1
As if given a signal, the halls around 
you fill with noise. Metal feet stomp in 
a steady rhythm and light blooms in the 
chamber. Several nearby towers begin to 
radiate an intense blue glow that seems to 
empower the approaching automatons. It’s 
just a hunch, but you suspect that taking 
those towers out of commission might 
hamper the army’s attack.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
52



45 • C3 Living Glacier
  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals The fish-man opens his mouth and releases Section Links
The scenario is complete when the a long, gurgling howl. More of them appear When door 1 is opened, read 85.2.
ancient ice has been retrieved, all along the crags, along with what look to be 
characters occupy tile 14-A (or have amphibious boars. He then jumps from his 
become exhausted on tile 14-A), and rock and lands onboard your ship, rocking Map Layout
no enemies occupy tile 14-A. At the it violently to either side. “You are in the 
end of that round, read 94.1. waters of the Abael Scavengers!” The figure 

motions to the rest of your attackers, as if 16-A
this title were to mean something to you. 

Scenario Effects “We eat all fresh meat that enters here.”
Each character adds two  cards to 07-B
their attack modifier deck. Barduu ducks below deck with the rest of 

the crew, and you prepare yourself for battle.

Introduction 14-A

The Living Glacier appears from the fog: Special Rules
a blue-and-white monolith of opaque ice If any character becomes exhausted 
stretching high into the air. The helmsman while not occupying tile 14-A, the 
lands near a craggy beach, and you look scenario is lost.
out while the crew lashes the ship to a 
mooring rock. Only then do you realize 
you are not alone on this island.

1
A figure, shaped like a human but covered 
in spines and fish-like scales, appears high 
on an outcrop. His mouth is ringed by thick 
blue lips and filled with bristling, needle-
like teeth, and his eyes, two large violet 
orbs, flicker with a clear, unguarded menace.

C D

Scenario Key Loot

  x10 
Abael Herder Water 4   x3 

  x5 
Abael Scout Barrel 3

  x1 
  x1 

Lightning Eel Large Snow 
Rock 4 B

Piranha Pig Snow Rock 5

Snow Door 1 Supply Shelf 1

Stairs 1 Ice Pillar 1

Huge Water 2 Treasure 1
A

Large Water 3
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

53



46 • B12 Dead Pass  

  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals Moving with rigored, ancient stiffness, Section Links
The scenario is complete when twenty several half-buried bodies suddenly shift When door 1 is opened, read 40.2.
new snows have been harvested. At in the shadows and pry themselves loose 
the end of that round, read 85.4. from shallow earthen beds. Undead guards 

and worse lurch away from the hard Map Layout

Scenario Effects ground and stony walls, dirt and rock 
puffing away as their frozen limbs animate 

Each character adds two  cards to once more. 07-B 16-A
their attack modifier deck.

“So long have we neglected this place.” 
The Algox nods grimly at the enemies. 

Introduction “The New Snow lies at the end of this 
The Dead Pass is hardly an encouraging path, but no fiend can touch it. We must 
name, and yet this is where the work carefully and pray that the darkness 
Snowspeaker emissary Gurndel has led does not close on us.”
you, certain that at the end of it, you will 
find the New Snow.

“In ages past, when there were any Scenario Key Loot
disputes among the Snowspeakers about   x9 
the word of Geryuu, we would come here,” Burrowing 

Blade
she explains. “The snow that falls here   x3 
comes straight from Geryuu’s mouth.   x3 
There is nothing more pure.” Frozen Corpse

  x3 
The trail itself extends from the top of   x1 

Shrike Fiend
a crumbling saddle in the Copperneck   x1 
mountains: a narrow valley so thoroughly 
choked by immense boulders and great Snow Door 1
piles of debris that the word “pass” in the 
name must be a joke—travel through the 
range would be impossible here.

The air is colder than you expected. 
Steady gusts of wind push you backward, 
almost as if trying to send you away. It’s 
a warning to the lost or the foolish who D 1
wander in here. And yet, you persist.

You move deep into the valley and 
the high walls cut off the sun. It is a 
forbidding place, suffused with an air so 
malevolent that even the Algox elder at 
your side looks warily back and forth.

“The valley will not simply let us pass,” 
Gurndel mutters. You watch the precipice 
high above, growing paranoid that 
something will drop down from the great 
height, but it is the ground that you should 
have been watching.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
54



47 • Q5 Carrion Ridge
  Radiant Forest

Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all At the start of the sixth round,    x7 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of read 45.1. Algox 

Icespeaker
that round, read 119.1.   x5 

  x2 
Map Layout Harrower 

Infester
Scenario Effects   x2 
Each character gains  twice.   x2 

04-A Shrike Fiend
  x2 

Introduction Large Cave 
06-A Corridor 1

Following the possessed Algox is hardly 16-A
a challenge. The forest floor, though thick Log
with underbrush and fallen trees, shows 2
a clear path where the deranged creatures 
have flung themselves along, their Rubble 5
awkward movements snapping branches 
and pulling up vines. It is a bizarre trail 
to follow, but then again, everything is Snow Rock 3
bizarre in the Radiant Forest. Its ancient 
trees lock thickly overhead, and strange Tree
insects click in the underbrush, emerging 1
now and then to ogle you with their many 
unblinking eyes. But the lights are perhaps Treasure 1
the strangest part: small orbs the size of 
a torch bug, they flit about between the 
trees, each flickering with startling shades 
of blue and red and yellow. You would 
take them for insects if it weren’t for the 
fact that they’re clearly following you.

It doesn’t take long to find the end of the 
Algox tracks. The chaotic mess suddenly 
gives out into a small clearing, though 
there is no sign where the creatures may 
have gone. An uneasy knot grows in your 
stomach. It’s possible your enemy may 
be craftier than you thought; perhaps 
you should pull back. No time—a blur of 
wood and steel flies a hair’s breadth from 
your face.

You duck and narrowly avoid a moldering 
spear that lodges into a downed log. A 
second later, like a wave crashing over a 
dam, the possessed Algox leap from the 
trees and fall on you, alongside several 
black-winged creatures—shrike fiends, 
hungry for prey. You’ve sprung their trap.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
55



48 • D2 Blizzard Island   

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals You arrive a half-hour later, pulling your Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all boat onto an ancient frozen beach, buffeted Reveal one Wind Demon monster 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of constantly by the wind. Low, crumbled ability card each round as normal, 
that round, read 120.4. walls mark the coast and, following them, even if no Wind Demons are on the 

you discover a series of stone steps that map. Then all characters, in initiative 
lead up the mountain. Ages have passed order, are forced to move one hex in 

Scenario Effects since anyone visited here. Still, despite the the direction corresponding to the 
Each character gains  twice. poor condition of the island, it would seem initiative of that card:

that you are not alone.
2: Top left 

Introduction Only a few moments after you discover 9: Top right 
“Can you hear it?” Denpang asks. She’s the trail, you are bombarded by more 21: Right 
smiling like always. “The wind of the wind, and a flurry of white and stone-gray 29: Bottom right 
north is speaking to us. We are close.” demons descend from the torrent. 37: Bottom left 

43: Left
You nod to be polite. The wind sounds like 
wind, though you keep that to yourself. 
It’s been days since you embarked on a Section Links
voyage to resettle the remainder of the Scenario Key Loot When door 1 is opened, read 130.5.
Snowspeakers on an island that supposedly   x7 
sits far to the north in the Biting Sea. Abael Scout

  x2 Map Layout
In all honesty, you have no idea whether   x2 
this fabled island—Frai’d Tog—really Frost Demon

  x5 
exists but having seen the state of the 03-D
Snowspeaker camp, you’re certain that   x2 11-A

Wind Demon
helping the optimistic young Algox search   x2 
for her ancestral home is a better option 11-C

than leaving the Snowspeakers to their Snow Door 2
fate back on the mainland.         

 and  
Suddenly, a shout rings out from the Trap 4
crow’s nest. Far out on the horizon the fog 
parts, and a colossal mountain of ice and Ice Spikes 10
stone rises up from the water—the island 
is real. The young healer laughs and points 
excitedly, and her exuberant cry ripples Treasure 1 1
throughout the Algox on the ship, echoing 
into a triumphant chant. “Frai’d Tog! 
Frai’d Tog! Frai’d Tog!”

And yet, as you get closer, the fabled 
island does not project the sort of 
welcoming aura the Algox woman had led 
you to expect. The island is wrapped in a 
forbidding vortex of snow and wind that 
looks strong enough to snap your ship’s 
mast in two. The crew act quickly. They 
scramble for the lines and pull in the sails. 
It’s too risky to take the entire ship any 
farther, so you drop anchor and take a 
small landing party ashore.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
56



49 • G3 Beneath Sea and Stone  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals cave’s entrance, bringing them down in entrance is a thick wall of broken stone. 
The scenario is complete when all a shower of rock and rubble. Grit and The Lurkers are cut off, but now you’ve 
characters and the bathysphere have sediment fills the water. For a time your sealed yourselves in here, stranded deep 
escaped. At the end of that round, read window is a kaleidoscope of muddy underwater with a dwindling air supply 

97.2. browns and reds. When it settles, the cave and no hope of rescue.

Scenario Effects Special Rules
Each character adds three  cards to Each non-Lurker character gains  Place seven damage tokens on each 
their attack modifier deck. twice (this is not a scenario effect). character’s mat. These represent their 

oxygen. Whenever any character 
Each ice pillar, cave rock, and stalagmite performs an action, reduce their oxygen 

Introduction in the scenario has (L+1)xC/2 hit points by one. Whenever any character performs 
You just can’t. The Lurkers came to you (rounded down). They are enemies to an action while they have no oxygen, 
for help, and if there is corruption here, you and allies to all monsters. they suffer trap damage at the end of that 
there must be some way to excise it without action. Whenever any character occupies 
destroying so much life. So once again The large ice crystal is the bathysphere. an air pocket A, they refill their oxygen 
the bathysphere plonks down into the cold Whenever any character adjacent to the up to a maximum of seven.
water, and you sink into the dark unknown. bathysphere exits a hex, they may move 

it such that it occupies only empty hexes If any character becomes exhausted, the 
The descent takes several long minutes. and one of those hexes is the hex exited. scenario is lost.
You feel the shard calling as you sink. It’s 
insistent. It nags at you, urging you on. 
Then it’s there: the place you’ve seen only 
in your visions. Map Layout Section Links

When door 1 is opened, read 94.2.
A dome rises up from the sea floor like a 
half-buried moon. Its sides are made from 11-D 16-B

interwoven coral like an intricate piece of Loot Scenario Key
wrought iron, all of it stained a deep shade 

04-A   x13 
of purple. You think about how the Lurkers Black Imp
have been compelled to come to the   x3 
northern sea, building structures to house   x2 
a crown they’re not even sure exists. This Deep Terror

  x2 
will be a great seat of power for the Lurkers 
once the crown has been restored. Frost Demon

But for now, as you survey the scene, 
looking for a discreet entrance to the Cave Door 3
dome, you realize the bathysphere is 
not a craft built for stealth. Already, A Ice Pillar
the Lurkers have noticed, and a force 9
is amassing to intercept you.

Large Cave 
Rock 6

In panic, all you can think to do 
is veer hard left, down toward the 1 A
ocean floor where you see a cave Stalagmites 5
opening that may just fit you. The 
cave entrance is narrow, but with Large Ice 
a bit of finesse, you manage to Crystal 1

A
squeeze the bathysphere inside. 
But the Lurkers still come, and Treasure 1
there are just so many. You spin the 05
vessel around and lay into a row of 
stalactites hanging just above the 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
57



50 • G1 Explosive Descent  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals For a time, you simply watch the metal Map Layout
The scenario is complete at the end of contraption through your hazy window. 
the twelfth round. At the end of that It moves slowly downward: a mangle of 
round, read 86.2. scrap metal and Quatryl ingenuity sinking 16-B

lazily toward the ocean floor like a ruined 
ship heading for its final resting place.

Scenario Effects
Each character adds three  cards to Soon you see the vague outline of the 
their attack modifier deck. Lurker structures appear. From this angle, Scenario Key Loot

they look like a great opened mouth: the   x13 
ring of curved coral teeth sticking up Lightning  Eel

Introduction from the sand, waiting for prey to wander   x2 
It turns out constructing a device to emit inside. And then you see the Lurkers, Lurker   x3 
a psychic blast is quite a difficult process. a thick line of them moving upward— Clawcrusher   x2 
But when it is done, you quickly realize heading right for you.
that was only half the battle. Getting it Lurker 
safely to the bottom of the Biting Sea will They’ve detected your approach and are Mindsnipper

be equally challenging, and that part is all coming to stop you, a long string of red 
up to you. shells rising from the ocean floor. You Lurker 

Wavethrower
must protect the device, because if it is lost, 

The device doesn’t look particularly then all your efforts will be for nothing. Metal Cabinet
impressive— most of its bulk is just 1
a haphazard metal casing to weigh it 
down in the water— but Pinter assures 
you it will do the trick. Essentially, he 
explains, it is a very potent battery filled 
with energy that has been attuned to 
the psychic frequency of a coral shard. G F
When detonated, the simple explosives 
around the battery will cause this energy 
to disperse in a powerful psychic wave, 
overloading the mind of anyone sensitive 
to it. He gives you a remote to set it off E
from a safe distance, but he doubts the 
Lurkers will let it get anywhere close to 
their base, so you’ll still have to escort the 
charge the whole way down. D
So then, here you are, once again locked 
inside your submersible, sinking below A
the waves. You adjust much more quickly 
this time, and shortly after you take B C
control of the bathysphere, the charge is 
lowered in next to you. Then the upper 
world vanishes as both you and the bomb 
plunge into the icy depths.

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
58



50 CONT. • Explosive Descent

Special Rules
Each non-Lurker character gains  Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
twice (this is not a scenario effect).

2 A: One normal Lurker A and B: One normal A and B: One normal 
The metal cabinet is the pulse Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower
emitter. It is slowly descending and  
characters must keep pace with it. 3 G: One normal Lurker G: One normal Lurker C and G: One normal 
During their turn, each character can Wavethrower Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower
spend 1 movement point to keep pace.  
Otherwise, at the end of their turn, 4 D: One normal Lurker C: One normal  D: Two normal  
they gain . Mindsnipper Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Mindsnippers

D: One normal  
The pulse emitter has 6+(3xL) hit Lurker Mindsnipper
points. It is neither an ally nor enemy  
to you and is an enemy to all monsters. 5 E: One normal E: One elite  E: One elite  
Any character can lose one card from Lightning Eel Lightning Eel Lightning Eel  
their hand or two from their discard G: Two normal G: Two normal G: Two elite Lightning 
pile to negate one source of damage to Lightning Eels Lightning Eels Eels
the pulse emitter. If the pulse emitter 
is destroyed or any character becomes  F: One normal  B: One normal  B and F: One normal 
exhausted, the scenario is lost. 6 Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Clawcrusher

F: One normal  
All hexes in the scenario are treated Lurker Clawcrusher
as water hexes for the purposes  
of Lightning Eel summoning and 7 A and B: One A: One normal  A and B: One elite 
movement. normal Lurker Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower

Wavethrower B: One elite  
At the start of each listed round, spawn Lurker Wavethrower
the following monsters at the listed  
locations based on character count: 8 A: One normal  A: One elite  A: One elite  

Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower 
G: One normal  G: One normal  G: One elite  
Lurker Mindsnipper Lurker Mindsnipper Lurker Mindsnipper

 
9 C: One normal  C: One normal  C and D: One normal 

Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher 
E: One normal E: Three normal E: Two normal 
Lightning Eel Lightning Eels Lightning Eels

 
10 F: One elite  B: One normal  B and F: One elite 

Lurker Mindsnipper Lurker Mindsnipper Lurker Mindsnipper
F: One elite Lurker 
Mindsnipper

 
11 E: One normal  E: One elite  E: One elite  

Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower 
G: One normal  G: One normal  G: One elite  
Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
59



51 • B9 Orphan’s Halls
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Unfettered—a bomb, in other words. The Section Links
The scenario is complete when problem is it will only work once.” When any door 1 is opened, read  
all characters occupy tile 8-A, no 32.1.
monsters occupy tile 8-A, and door 2 It sounds dubious. Crain’s expertise has 
has been collapsed. At the end of that been a boon in these tunnels, but this idea 
round, read 49.1. feels hasty. And yet, what other option do Map Layout

you have?

Scenario Effects You give the go-ahead, and within a few 08-A

Each character adds two  cards to moments Crain has wired the devices 
their attack modifier deck. for single-use detonation. You’ll want 

to trigger them when the fight gets to its 10-C 10-A
absolute worst, because if you miss your 

Introduction chance, there is no way out.
You have arrived at the center of the 
Unfettered complex, a cavernous 06-B
temple dedicated to the proliferation of 
mechanical life. Everywhere huge metal Special Rules
pillars crisscross with iron beams and Distribute four numbered tokens 
brass pipes. And high above the steel as evenly as possible among the 
arms, pistons, pumps, and wires, you characters, placing them on their 
see your target standing on an overseer’s mats. These represent the jamming 
platform. explosives. Any character can forgo a 

top action (discarding the card instead) 
It is an Unfettered machine shaped in to set off one of their explosives. If 
the rough likeness of a human, two this occurs, remove the explosive from 
arms and two legs, but that’s where the their mat, kill all enemies within  2 
similarities end. Its body is an awkward of them, and destroy all obstacles with 
conglomeration of parts: a rough iron chest at least one hex within  2 of them. 1
plate, one arm made of bent angular brass 1
and the other of cylindrical steel. Its face If any character becomes exhausted Loot
is little more than a curve of hammered while not occupying tile 8-A, the   x12 
metal with holes cut for a mouth and eyes, scenario is lost.
but even from this far away you can see a   x2 
burning blue light radiating behind it.   x4 

  x1 
“The Orphan,” Crain says in a low 
whisper. “It is the leader of the Unfettered.   x1 
If we can get to that automaton, we can 
disable the entire army.”

Scenario Key
This suggestion, however, is far more 
complicated than the Quatryl’s tone Ancient Large Metal 

Artillery Corridor 3
implies. Between you and the Orphan 
stands a horde of enemy guards. Crain Flaming 
notices your skepticism and pulls you Bladespinner Metal Corridor 2
down to his level.

Ruined 
“There is a way,” he whispers, “but you Machine Control Console 4

won’t like it.” He lifts one of his disabling 
devices up to the light. “If we remove Steel Automaton Metal Cabinet 4
the regulator, we can overload the power 
core to create a massive burst that will Metal Door 3 Treasure
cut through a significant portion of the 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
60



52 • G7 Fleeting Permanence
  Whitefire Woods

Scenario Goals gesture for you to follow, so you shield your Special Rules
The scenario is complete when there eyes and pass into the wintry realm. When any monster dies, instead of a 
is one Frost Demon body on each loot token, it drops its standee with 
starting ice hex and one Snow Imp On the other side, the air is dense with no base. These are bodies, which 
body on each starting snowdrift hex. wet, sticky flakes, and the ground is coated do not affect movement or alter 
At the end of that round, read 90.2. in frost. There is little to see aside from whether a hex is empty, featureless, or 

the blowing snow, but you can tell that unoccupied. All bodies can be looted 
beyond the weather, there is something as normal, though the body is simply 

Introduction fundamentally off about this place. When moved to the looting character’s hex 
Back in the sacred clearing, a weight hangs you lift your hand, spectral shadows trail or a hex adjacent to them. Multiple 
in the air. Perhaps it’s just the Algox elders, behind it, after images as if you were a bodies can be in the same hex.
the two of them so full of righteous energy, phantom haunting your own body. And 
or perhaps it’s the prospect of lasting peace. then there are the figures.
Whatever the case, there is no mistaking the Section Links
significance of this moment. Several pale shapes emerge just ahead: When door 1 is opened, read 80.1 

snow imps and frost demons. Their angular When door 2 is opened, read 133.3. 
The clearing is much the way you left it: a bodies skulk out of the blowing snow, the When door 3 is opened, read 36.5. 
wide circle of stone and matted ground, and eyeless demons pounding the ground with When door 4 is opened, read 29.4.
in the center, a single, hulking altar. The moss their heavy, opaque limbs and the imps 
and vine have retreated somewhat, revealing jerking spasmodically back and forth.
details on a number of downed pillars and Map Layout
carvings. It’s the first time you’ve been able to “Prepare yourself, warm-bloods,” one of 
see ancient Algox craftsmanship this clearly, the elders says. “This is the first stage of the 02-G
and you marvel at how much of it has lasted ritual. The creatures carry a sliver of divine 01-A

through the ages. Algox-shaped figures have spirit within them. We must defeat them and 
been carved into the rock with clear, realistic use their essence to form the merging glyph.”
proportions. Their bodies are decorated with 02-E 16-A 11-C

string necklaces and draped in sashes of Loot
waving fabric.   x6   x2
There is not much time to inspect them more   x2   x2 
thoroughly. Gurndel and Barduu approach the   x2   x1 
altar of Mar’ogh and render up their relics.   x5 
The spirit returns in a burst of ethereal flame.

“YOUR TASK IS NEAR ITS END,” Scenario Key
2 3

the spirit announces. “YOU MUST 
NOW JOIN THE TWO WORDS Frost Demon
OF THE TRUE CREATOR IN THE 
REALM OF FROST AND CREATE 
THE UNYIELDING SHARD.” Snow Imp

The air in front of you bends. It Snow Door 4
wobbles and shifts, moved by the 
spirit’s unseen hand, and a doorway 
appears: a tall, shivering ellipse. 1 4 Ice 6

Stinging wind rushes out from the new Snowdrift
portal, and a flurry of snow pours over 6
you, carrying with it the faint smell of 
metal and ash. You’ve garnered a new Snow Rock 6
aversion to other realms over the past few 
months, but there seems to be no avoiding 
this one. Both the elders move inside and Treasure 4

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
61