82 CONT. • Expedition North

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all Do not set up any corridors A or B. Any figures occupying a corridor tile 
searchable locations have been searched when it is relocated are placed in the 
and all characters have escaped. At the At the start of each round after the first, closest empty hex. Any overlay tiles or 
end of that round, read 37.1. relocate corridor C to the next A position tokens on the corridor tile are destroyed.

in clockwise order, returning to C at the 
Scenario Effects start of the seventh round and repeating At the start of each listed round, spawn 

the cycle. Likewise, relocate corridor D to the following monsters at the listed 
Each character adds two  cards to the next position B in a clockwise order, locations based on character count:
their attack modifier deck. repeating its cycle each fourth round.

Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
Introduction

After receiving the chilling message, you 3, 7, etc. E: One normal E: One elite Frost E: One elite Frost 
quickly gather your warmest gear and Frost Demon Demon Demon
meet with Voice-of-Eight to get some 
insight into the situation. 4, 8, etc. F: One normal F: One normal F: One elite Wind 

Wind Demon Wind Demon Demon
“We have spoken with Cassandra, 
as well,” they explain. “A group of 5, 9, etc. G: One normal G: One elite Frost G: One elite Frost 
exceptional individuals, heroes to our Frost Demon Demon Demon
people, are undertaking an expedition to 
this place, but they have been lost in an 6, 10, etc. H: One normal H: One normal H: One elite Wind 
unnatural snowstorm. You must venture Wind Demon Wind Demon Demon
out and find them, before the frozen 
demons claim the last of their strength.” 

Place numbered tokens in each 2, an equal number of damage tokens from 
One of the Aesthers touches your 3, and 4 that is equal to or less than it. When all damage tokens have been 
forehead, and your vision changes almost the number of characters (e.g. with removed from a location, it is considered 
imperceptibly. “It will be difficult to find two characters, only place tokens on searched.
them in the harsh wind and snow, but we all 2). Place L+1 damage tokens on 
offer our own sight. It may still require each placed token, which must all be Each starting hex is also an escape hex. 
some digging, but we will help pinpoint searched. A character occupying or If any character becomes exhausted, the 
the positions of those who are lost.” adjacent to any of these may spend any scenario is lost.

number of movement points to remove 
With no time to lose, you set out on the 
rescue mission. Entering the snowstorm, 
you immediately feel the malevolent Section Links Map Layout
energies. This is no natural blizzard, and When all searchable locations have 
as soon as the thought crosses your mind, been searched, read 112.3. 01-E
you are met with demonic resistance.

02-G 01-C
02-L

Scenario Key Loot 02-J
01-A

  x12 01-G
Frost Demon Ice Spikes 4   x1 

  x1 
Wind Demon Snowdrift 6   x2 
Large Snow   x1 

Corridor 3 Ice Pillar 4

Snow Corridor 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
102



83 • E4 Rising Brine  

  Biting Sea Design: Frank Heeren; Writing: Shannon Campbell

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when the Giant The Piranha Pig adjacent to the barrel 
Piranha Pig and both Ancient Artilleries is the Giant Piranha Pig. It has HxC 
adjacent to the barrel are dead. At the hit points,  1, and a base move value 
end of that round, read 64.1. of 1. 13-B 13-D 13-E

All hexes to the left of any water tiles 
Introduction are also treated as water (difficult 

Sure, you’ve got nothing better to do terrain). When any character starts 
except infuse all your garments with their turn in water, they suffer Scenario Key Loot
some horrendous stench. It’s a perk of hazardous terrain damage.   x7 
the job. The cartographer must’ve had a Ancient 

Artillery
perky job too, given this desolate slice Set up the Boss monster ability deck   x3 
of coast. Instead of majestic cliffs or a and initiative token. During ordering Lurker   x3 
nice sandy beach, you’re greeted with of initiative each round until the Giant Mindsnipper   x3 
precipitous hills and a ragged assortment Piranha Pig is dead, reveal one Boss 
of rocks. You find the cave, half by the card, then apply any Special effects   x2 

Piranha Pig
cartographer’s substandard directions and listed below on the card’s initiative.   x1 
half by scent.   x1 

If any Ancient Artillery is ever in Cave Corridor 3
The entrance looks like a gap among water, it dies. If any overlay tile other 
broken teeth. Water flows in and out— than corridors is ever in water, it is Dungeon 
more in than out, it appears. The tide destroyed. If the barrel is destroyed, Corridor 3
is rising. You’re loath to give up, but the scenario is lost.
you’ll have to hurry to make this trip Large Cave 

Corridor 4
worthwhile. Steering your dinghy in, you 
enter the cave and almost immediately Boss Special 1

Large Dungeon 
sense something bumping the bow. A Move all water tiles two hexes to the Corridor 4
blood-orange fin splices the water. You right.
shudder and shine your light further in. Water 7
There’s more. A school of piranha pigs, Boss Special 2
swimming around contorted shapes. The Move all water tiles one hex to the Barrel 1
place is littered with rusty machine parts. right. Then the Giant Piranha Pig (if 
Those might be worth something, right? alive) summons one Piranha Pig. It is 
You hope you can salvage them before the normal for two or three characters or Debris 4
tide recruits you to its watery graveyard. elite for four characters.

Large Debris 3
Unfortunately, you have to contend with 
more than just the ocean. At the back of 
the cave, the mother of all piranha pigs, 
larger than your boat, waits smugly. She 
unhinges her jaw, displaying stacks of – Continued on next page.
teeth below her deceivingly cute snout. 
You wonder if she was once some Abael’s 
beloved familiar. Or if she escaped 
slaughter for meat, and built her brood 
here. Either way, she’s not overly fond of 
you two-legged folk. She lashes her tail 
and the water churns as her offspring dive 
toward you.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
103



83 CONT. • Rising Brine

84 • R5 Here There Be Oozes
  Imperial Mountains Design and writing: Mathew G. Somers

Scenario Goals oozes devouring farmlands from Vinneth sloshing sort of sound begins to rise 
The scenario is complete when all to Gloomhaven, rich and poor alike. around you. But you head deeper still, 
enemies are dead. At the end of that There’s even one tale of a family said to until finally you come upon it.
round, read 26.2. leave their own pets out as offerings, just 

to keep the globes of snot at bay. Questioning reality, your jaw hangs at the 
Scenario Effects sight of the ooze before you. More massive 

You gag and feel your foot slip. Lifting than in any folktale told, this monstrosity 
Each character adds two  cards to your boot, you see slime stretching from must have been growing for centuries. 
their attack modifier deck. the sole to the ground. This sheep-eating Whole skeletons of dead creatures churn 

ooze must be close. You follow the trail inside as it peers at you through nascent 
into a nearby cave and are hit by a rotten eyes. Yeah, this thing has eyes, and they 

Introduction stench that causes your head to spin. You are gross.
Ooze. Is there a more repugnant or light a torch, pull your shirt over your 
despised life form? It is the bane of many nose, and march on. It takes a lot of work – Continued on next page.
a mercenary, and the populace don’t take to banish the many thoughts you have 
well to them either. You recall stories of of fleeing, especially when a bubbling, 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
104



84 CONT. • Here There Be Oozes

Special Rules Scenario Key Loot
The Elder Ooze has Shield C, but this value of the Ooze when it died. All   x15 
is reduced by 1 for each normal or elite normal Oozes focus on moving toward Elder Ooze
Ooze on the map at any time. No more and entering the hex occupied by the   x3 
than Cx2 normal or elite Oozes can be Elder Ooze, then find a focus as normal   x3 
on the map at any time. and perform any other abilities as if they Ooze

  x2 
had no movement.

Whenever the Elder Ooze exits a hex,   x1 
 Trap 5

place one damage token in that hex. Whenever the Elder Ooze dies, instead 
These represent slime. In addition, of a loot token, it drops its standee in 
whenever any normal or elite Ooze dies, the hex it occupied. All normal Oozes 
place one slime in the hex it occupied. will still focus on moving toward and 
Slime cannot be placed in a hex that entering this hex. If any normal Ooze 
already has slime, and it does not alter does enter it, place the Elder Ooze 
whether a hex is empty, featureless, or back into that hex with 0 hit points and 
unoccupied. perform the same steps of the normal 

Ooze dying and the Elder Ooze healing.
Whenever any character enters a hex 
with slime, place it on their character Whenever the Elder Ooze suffers 
mat. Any character with any amount damage, after any effects are resolved, 
of slime treats all hexes as difficult spawn one normal Ooze, with a current 
terrain and gains disadvantage on all hit point value equal to the damage 
their attacks. If a character with slime is suffered, at any empty hex within  3 
targeted by a heal ability, they remove of the Elder Ooze (or its standee). If 
one slime from their mat. Each character spawned in a hex with slime, the Ooze 
also removes one slime from their heals as if it had entered the hex as 
mat at the start of each of their turns. normal. If the Elder Ooze would ever 
Whenever any monster enters a hex with suffer damage greater than a normal 
slime, that slime is removed from the Ooze’s maximum hit point value, it 
map, and the monster performs  L/2, suffers damage equal to this value 
self (rounded up). instead. If an Ooze cannot be placed 

when the Elder Ooze suffers damage, 
All normal Oozes may enter the hex then the normal Ooze with the lowest 
occupied by the Elder Ooze, and vice current hit point value performs 
versa. If this occurs, the normal Ooze  X, self instead, where X is the 
dies, and the Elder Ooze performs  X, damage suffered.
self, where X is the current hit point 

Boss Special 1 Map Layout
The Elder Ooze performs: 

+1 
-1, the target must lose one item for 

no effect (any persistent effects of the 14-B

item are no longer applied) 
Then all characters adjacent to the 
Elder Ooze gain one slime.

Boss Special 2
The Elder Ooze focuses on the farthest 
enemy and performs: 

+1,  8 
 2,  all,  1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
105



85 • O5 Deadly Pastimes
  Imperial Mountains Design and writing: Mathew G. Somers

Scenario Goals hole in the rock. You stare into it and see Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all four nothing but black. You call down and get Whenever any character loots a goal 
goal treasure tiles have been looted nothing back but an echo. Finally, you sigh treasure tile, each character immediately 
and all characters have escaped. At the and set up the climbing gear. recovers one of their lost ability cards.
end of that round, read 156.3.

You’re halfway down the rope when it No figure can teleport between 
suddenly shifts, then gives out entirely. unconnected map tiles. Only set up the 

Scenario Effects You fall for a bit, landing with a thump on monsters in each room once, even if 
Each character gains . the cold, stone floor. Then the rope falls on shown the setup multiple times.

top of you, followed by chunks of the rock 
you tied it to. That probably could have 

Introduction gone more gracefully. Section Links
Spelunking. The woman’s husband really For ease of bookkeeping, most section 
likes spelunking. In monster-infested You groan and roll onto your back, but links for the scenario are provided below.
mountains no less. You wanted to refuse the sound that comes back to you isn’t an 
with incredulity, but also she was crying, echo. It’s the shifting and scratching of When any character opens door: 
so you agreed instead. some creature—some very large creature. 1, read 130.1. 2, read 110.4. 

You stand and ready your weapon, 3, read 4.2. 4, read 22.4.
And now here you are, deep in the formulating a flimsy scheme on how to get 
Imperial Mountains, following a map the out of this mess. Plus, you’ll still need to The first time any character enters 
husband left her, directing you to his latest find the husband, or this whole nightmare hex: 
conquest. You find the entrance to the will be for naught. 5, read 93.1. 6, read 15.1. 
cave system, and it’s nothing more than a 7, read 159.3. 8, read 134.2.

The first time any character ends their 
Scenario Key movement adjacent to hex: 

9, read 82.3. @, read 181.3. 
Black Imp Cave Corridor 2 Water 2 #, read 64.2. $, read 141.4. 

A, read 126.4. B, read 175.3. 
Burrowing Large Snow C, read 24.2.

Blade Lava 4 Rock 3
The first time any character ends their 

Lightning Eel Rubble 3 Snow Rock 6 movement occupying or adjacent to hex: 
D, read 136.4. E, read 177.6. 
F, read 71.1. G, read 40.3.

Polar Bear Snowdrift 3 Stalagmites 5
When any character loots treasure tile: 

Cave Door 3 Stairs Goal 1, read 94.3. 
4 Treasure 4 Goal 2, read 72.2. 

Goal 3, read 11.4. 
Snow Door 1 Goal 4, read 36.6.

Loot 1 Map Layout
  x7 

05-A 02-J
  x2 
  x3 A

07-C 02-L
  x4 
  x2 01-F 07-A

  x1 
  x1 

2 04-A 02-E 01-G

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
106



86 • FR The Lady in White
  Frosthaven Design and writing: Ella Ampongan

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when the Each tree in the scenario has (L+2)xC When door 1 is opened, read 6.3.
Lady in White is dead. At the end of hit points. They are enemies to you 
that round, read 174.1. and allies to all monsters. Whenever 

any tree suffers damage but is not Map Layout
destroyed, it summons one normal 

Introduction Black Imp.
It’s just before sundown when you walk 16-A 15-A 13-A
out of the main gates toward where the 
guard said he saw the specter. The sky 
becomes somber, the air colder, and you 
wrap your cloak tighter around you, 
moving forward, despite the growing 
unease inside of you.

Scenario Key Loot
Just before you left, you gathered more   x10 
information about this Lady in White. Black Imp Ice Spikes 5
Some say she is the lost soul of a   x4 
woodsman’s bride, murdered by wayward   x2 
bandits on their wedding night. Some say Earth Demon Log 3

  x2 
she is a priestess, preying on the innocent 
unborn souls to keep herself immortal.   x1 

Ice Wraith Large Snow 
They say that the only way to stop her is to Rock 1

  x1 
destroy the pieces of her soul hidden in the 
towering balete trees in the woods. Snow Door 1 Tree 3

You walk forward into the grove, but your Large Snow 
progress is slowed by the trees’ roots, Corridor 2 Treasure 1
tangled over giant boulders. Then you see 
a flash of white from the corner of your Snow Corridor 1
eye. You turn and catch a glimpse of her 
horrifying visage before she melts into 
the trunk of a tree. You approach it and 
see her outline in the gnarls and knots of 
the bark. But, as quickly as she dissolved, 
she emerges and retreats to another tree 
deeper in. You move to follow, but notice 
something is amiss; there are other 
creatures here, hiding in the trees, waiting 
for their moment to strike.

You pull your attention away from the 1
ghost and take stock of your surroundings. 
You are about to be attacked, yes, but you 
also notice that the trees this apparition 
inhabits have glowing green roots, and 
you know instinctively that this is how 
you will survive. Somehow you must 
destroy these trees.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
107



87 • J7 The Collection
  Whitefire Woods Design: Dan Patriss; Writing: Crystal Mazur

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when all Set up the Boss monster ability deck, 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of though you will not need it at this time.
that round, read 68.4. 15-D

Section Links
Introduction When door 1 is opened, read 31.2. 02-F 02-H

The girl provides detailed descriptions When door 2 is opened, read 184.6. 10-A
of the landmarks she remembers seeing When door 3 is opened, read 77.2. 
when she escaped, and you are certain you When door 4 is opened, read 73.1.
can find the location of the Collector. The 10-C
metallic structure she remembers being 
held in was deep within the Whitefire 
Woods. Gathering up your materials, you 
head east to find the Collector.

You eventually come upon the weathered Scenario Key
metallic structure hidden within the 
woods. Entrance into the structure is easy, Algox Archer Polar Bear Metal Cabinet 2
and you quietly make your way inside. 
You explore the ruins, inspecting rooms 
until an echo finds its way to you. Algox Guard Steel 

Automaton Supply Shelf 1

As you follow the sounds, now steadily Flaming 
growing larger, you finally find a large Bladespinner Metal Door 4 Treasure 2

room filled with cages containing various 
creatures. A tall, golden Savvas hovers Lurker 

Clawcrusher  Trap 5
around the room using focused energy to 
hold itself upright. It must be the Collector.

Unfortunately, the Collector also has 
guards—a pack of Algox that are quite 
incensed at your sudden arrival. You are Loot

1
unsure what the Collector needs so many   x8 
different creatures for, but with these 
types of situations, it’s never good.   x2 

  x4 
  x3 
  x1 
  x1 
  x1 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
108



88 • I7 Collection’s Capstone
  Whitefire Woods Design: Dan Patriss; Writing: Crystal Mazur

Scenario Goals Scenario Key
The scenario is complete when the 
Collector is dead. At the end of that The Collector Lurker 

Clawcrusher Metal Door 2
round, read 128.3.

Earth Demon Savvas 
Icestorm  Trap 2

Scenario Effects
Each character gains . Flame Demon Savvas 

Lavaflow Metal Cabinet 1

Introduction Frost Demon Wind Demon Treasure 1
“You have proven yourself to be 
marvelous specimens.” The Collector’s 
voice echoes through the hallways as 
you make your way through them. “I can Loot
almost taste your life force. I’m confident   x8 
it will be exquisite.”

  x3 
You get to the end of the hallway and find   x4 1
elite Savvas guards blocking your advance.   x2 
“All we need to do is subdue you...”

  x1 
  x1 

Section Links
  x1 

When door 1 is opened, read 79.3.

Map Layout

10-C
02-H

04-B

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
109



89 • G10 A Contained Fire
  Copperneck Mountains Design and writing: Marcus Ross

Scenario Goals Map Layout
The scenario is complete when Vanjal 
is dead. At the end of that round, read 01-A

158.5.
10-D

05-A 07-B 11-A
Introduction

On your way to Vanjal’s fortress, you 01-G

encounter an old Algox on the road, 
struggling to carry a large parcel. You 
recognize her as the one who asked for 
your aid and approach her to help.

Scenario Key
“Oh, our liberators! Thank goodness you 
are coming to our aid!” The Algox cries Algox Archer Cave Door 1 Ice Pillar 1
as she passes the load over to you. “This 
Vanjal is a monster. He claims to be an 
Icespeaker, but he took just one look at Algox Guard Stairs Large Snow 

2 Rock 2
the ice, saw his own reflection, and found 
all the guidance he needed. Since then, Algox 
his odious band of goons have made life Icespeaker Water 4 Altar 2

miserable for all the neighboring clans. 
The gift you hold ensures my survival. If Algox Priest Barricade 1 Treasure 1
my yield is too small or too late, I’m sure 
to be the next one locked up or worse. I Snow Door 2 Crate
don’t think we can take another season 2
like this. We cannot pay you, but you will 
have our eternal gratitude.” Loot
You hand back the parcel, telling her you   x10 
won’t be needing it; that you have other 
ways of negotiating, and she should take   x2 
the supplies back to her village. Then you   x2 
part ways; you head farther down the road   x2 
and she turns back.

  x2 
You approach the courtyard outside the   x1 
building and are immediately met by a   x1 
contingent of Algox guards. “Where is 
your offering for the mighty Vanjal?” 1
One of them asks. You show them your 
weapons, and they smile. Apparently, 
everyone has been itching for a good fight.

Section Links
When door 1 is opened, read 83.1.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
110



90 • I3 Frozen Treasure
  Biting Sea Design and writing: Lisa Smedman

Scenario Goals wait for you, but they shake their heads Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all vehemently. “You think we want to Do not set up corridors 1 to 4.
enemies in it except any inactive Frozen become a bear’s dinner?” One of them 
Corpses are dead. You may end the yells back at you. Shuffle numbered tokens 1 to 4 face-
scenario at the end of any round when down next to the map. At the start of each 
this is the case and read  121.2. Whirling around, you see a hungry polar round (including the first), reveal one and 

bear rear up to its full, massive height. It place the corresponding corridor on the 
is gaunt—probably been stuck on this ice map as depicted. If at the start of a round, 

Introduction floe for some time, and it looks hungry. all numbered tokens have already been 
With a firm agreement in place, Rattusca revealed in prior rounds, instead remove 
leads you aboard the Lucky Lady, and the “I’ll send the boat back when it’s safe,” all corridors from the map and shuffle the 
captain sets sail out to the spot where his the captain yells across the water at you. numbered tokens face-down again.
ship struck the iceberg. There are indeed “When there’s nothing moving on the ice 
more bodies to be found; gold glints from but you, we’ll come back and pick you up. Whenever any corridor is removed 
within the ice that has become their tomb. All right?” from the map, all overlay tiles and 
They all seem to be wearing rotted armor; tokens on it are destroyed and any 
you imagine them fighting each other on a  non-character figures occupying it die 
shelf of ice that split away from the (without dropping loot). Any character 
mainland, unnoticed, during  occupying it suffers trap damage and is 
the ancient battle. placed in the closest empty hex.

The captain stops the ship just All Frozen Corpses do not act until 
long enough to have his crew they suffer  5. Once this happens,  
row you, in one of the ship’s the Frozen Corpse heals all damage 
jolly boats, to the largest chunk and then acts as if spawned. When a 
of ice. The crew immediately Frozen Corpse dies, instead of a loot 
push off. You shout at them to token, it drops one numbered token. 

These can be looted as one treasure tile, 
which are each worth 10 gold at the end 
of the scenario if it is completed.

1
Map Layout

15-A
2

04-C

08-B
03-D

3 Scenario Key

Frozen Corpse

Ice Wraith
4 Loot

Polar Bear
  x5 
  x4 Snow Imp
  x4 
  x2 Large Snow 

Corridor 4
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

111



91 • J4 Shoreline Scramble
  Design and writing: Lisa Smedman

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all Shuffle numbered tokens 1 to 4 face- immediately remove everything on the 
characters have escaped. At the end of down next to the map. After setting rightmost map tile from the map and 
that round, read 122.2. up the starting (center) tile, reveal one connect that tile to the leftmost one, 

numbered token and set up the left tile placing five corridor hexes where the 
as depicted in the corresponding map map tiles now transition so there are 

Scenario Effects section, then reveal another numbered no walls between the map tiles. Then 
Each character suffers  3. token to set up the right tile. Finally, reveal one of the remaining numbered 

place five corridor hexes on each map tokens and set up the new left tile as 
tile transition so there are no walls depicted in the corresponding map 

Introduction between the map tiles. section, proceeding as if it were a newly 
Winds and waves batter the ship revealed room.
mercilessly. Try as the crew might, Whenever there are no characters 
it is impossible to keep the ship from on the rightmost map tile (or the hex After the map has been scrolled twice, 
being blown down the coast, away from halfway on it), any character may move the three leftmost hexes become 
Frosthaven’s safe harbor. More troubling through the leftmost wall line to scroll escape hexes. If any character becomes 
still, this stretch of coastline features no bay the map forward. When this occurs, exhausted, the scenario is lost.
in which to shelter—just looming cliffs.

And then the worst happens: the mainsail Map Layout
gives way, ripping apart into tattered 
fragments. 07-G 07-B 07-D

“Abandon ship!” The captain cries, and 
the crew scramble to lower the jolly boats. 
You do likewise, and manage to get one 
of the small craft lowered to the water just 
in time. You pile into it and row furiously, Scenario Key
heading for shore as the Lucky Lady 
smashes itself to pieces on the coast’s Lightning Eel Large Snow 

Corridor 4 Ice Spikes 4
jagged rocks.

Lurker 
Below your jolly boat, crackles of light Clawcrusher Snow Corridor 2 Barrel 1
come from the depths: the flashes of 
deadly lightning eels. Above the howling Lurker w 
wind, you hear the screams of someone Mindsnipper Log Large Sno

3 Rock 2

who was tossed into the sea; part of you 
hopes it was Rattusca, the Vermling whose Lurker 

Wavethrower Large Water 4 Snow Rock 2
chance meeting caused you to undertake 
this misadventure. Large Cave 

Corridor 3 Water 10
After much rowing and more than one 
near capsize, you manage to land the jolly 
boat on a narrow strip of beach—a thin 
ribbon of land between looming cliffs Loot
and the angry gray sea. You scramble   x10 
onto shore, only to find your troubles 
are not yet done. On either side of you,   x4 
Lurkers advance menacingly toward you.   x4 
Farther down the beach, beyond the ruined   x1 
remains of the Lucky Lady, the cliffs are 
a bit lower; if you can reach that spot, you   x1 
might scramble to safety. But it’s going to 
be a close race.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSI–O CNo.ntinued on next page.
112



91 CONT. • Shoreline Scramble

1 2

3 4

92 • I4 Sinking Ship  

  Biting Sea Design and writing: Calvin Wong Tze Loon

Scenario Key
A A

Lightning Eel

Lurker H 2
Clawcrusher

Lurker 2 2
Mindsnipper B

D 2 E
Lurker Soldier

Lurker 1
Wavethrower

Large Water 
Corridor 2 1 1

Water Corridor 1 F 3
2

C 3 3 G
Crate 4

– Continued on next page.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

113



92 CONT. • Sinking Ship

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all HE-RO-IC-S H is an ally to you and on tile 7-G contains an infinite supply. 
characters and HE-RO-IC-S have an enemy to all monsters. It cannot be Any loot ability affecting a hex with a 
escaped. At the end of that round, read interacted with in any way, except for, at the crate loots one token from that crate. In 

152.4. end of each character’s turn, they may grant addition, whenever any character or HE-
HE-RO-IC-S either  5 or  L+2. RO-IC-S is adjacent to a crate, they may 

spend 3 movement points to loot one token 
Introduction Water is slowly filling the boat, from that crate. However, HE-RO-IC-S 

Doghogger’s seamanship proves excellent submerging the map tiles. At the end of can only loot one token per round.
as the ship glides to a halt next to the the sixth round, tile 7-G is submerged. 
stricken vessel. There’s no sign of a At the end of the tenth round, tiles 2-B All loot tokens are not traded in for loot 
struggle, but you can hear the telltale and 2-D are submerged. At the end of the cards when looted but, instead, placed on 
rushing of water entering the hull from twelfth round, tile 14-A is submerged. the looting character’s mat or next to the 
below. Looking down into the cargo hold, Whenever any map tile is submerged, map for HE-RO-IC-S. No monsters drop 
you can see crate after crate of supplies. remove it from the map along with loot tokens.
Easy pickings, like Doghogger said. everything on it. If HE-RO-IC-S or 

any character is removed this way, the When at least 5xC loot tokens have been 
You’re not prepared, however, for the scenario is lost. If any character becomes looted, each A becomes an escape 
chirpy voice popping up behind you. exhausted, the scenario is lost. hex. Each character can still command 
“GREETINGS, SANCTIONED RESCUE HE-RO-IC-S at the end of their final turn 
PARTY AND OR SCAVENGERS AND All hexes 2 are linked to all hexes 1 and before escaping.
OR UNAUTHORIZED PIRATES,” 3. No figure can teleport between rooms.
buzzes a small, flying automaton, its At the start of each listed round, spawn 
propellers whirring wildly in an attempt to All crates on tiles 2-B, 2-D, and 14-A the following monsters at the listed 
keep it airborne. “I AM HELPER ROBOT contain four loot tokens, while the crate locations based on character count:
IC-S. YOU MAY CALL ME HE-RO-
IC-S. I WILL HELP YOU SAVE THE Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
CARGO.”

2, 4 F: One normal Lurker F: Two normal Lurker F: Two normal Lurker 
Before you can further react to the Wavethrower and one Wavethrowers and one Wavethrowers and one 
appearance of the robot, the massive normal Lurker Soldier normal Lurker Soldier elite Lurker Soldier
crash of claws hitting the deck consumes 
your attention and several Lurkers 3, 5 B: One normal B: One elite  B: One elite  
clamber on board. Lurker Soldier Lurker Soldier Lurker Soldier 

G: One normal Lurker G: Two normal Lurker G: Two normal Lurker 
“Watch out!” Captain Doghogger helpfully Wavethrower and one Wavethrowers and one Wavethrowers and one 
shouts. “Lurkers!” normal Lurker Soldier normal Lurker Soldier elite Lurker Soldier

6, 8 C: One normal C: One normal C: One elite  
Map Layout Lurker Soldier Lurker Soldier Lurker Soldier 

D: One normal D: One elite Lurker D: One elite Lurker 
02-B 02-D Lurker Mindsnipper Mindsnipper Mindsnipper

14-A 7, 9 B: One normal B: One normal B: One elite Lurker 
07-G Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher Clawcrusher 

E: One normal Lurker E: Two normal Lurker E: Two normal Lurker 
Wavethrower and one Wavethrowers and one Wavethrowers and one 

Loot normal Lurker Soldier elite Lurker Soldier elite Lurker Soldier

  x7  x2 10+ C: One elite Lurker B: One normal B and C: One elite 
Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher

  x4  x1 C: One elite Lurker 
  x3  x1 Clawcrusher
  x2 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
114



93 • H7 Midwinter Brawl
  Whitefire Woods Design and writing: Mike West

Introduction of the northwest section of the Whitefire “What can rat people do?” Laughs 
You head out to the meeting point Scabwit Woods. In return, we will no longer venture Yoglang. “Rats are small and squishy. We 
assigned, ready to provide some muscle for into any of the lands to the East or South.” Algox are strong.”
these peace negotiations. Vermlings and 
Algox don’t get along too well at the best Yoglang lets out a growl. “Whitefire Woods Scabwit leaps up on the table, brandishing 
of times and with whatever dark force is are Algox land. They always have been and his staff menacingly, “At least we have 
pushing more Vermlings out of the Radiant always will be. You pathetic vermin come to functioning brains, unlike you animals! 
Forest, the two groups have been butting take it, and we’ll defend it with your lives.” Insult me one more time, and I’ll show you 
heads more and more frequently. what small rats can do!”

“Verm-ling,” Scabwit replies through a 
That the Vermlings are willing to negotiate snarl.
with the Algox to share the land is a good Special Rules
sign, at least. It means they are keen that Yoglang continues. “If vermin want land, Before setting up the scenario, choose 
the skirmishes should stop, although you the vermin must pay Algox gold or furs.” which side to support, then only read 
can’t help but wonder what arrangement the corresponding section for that side 
would be acceptable to both parties. This “Those horns must make your skull rather on this page or the next.
certainly isn’t going to be easy. thick.” Scabwit bristles again. “We have 

little gold or anything else to call our 
Upon reaching the clearing in the forest, own. We have been driven Section Links
you feel the tension in the air. On one side out of the Radiant Forest by Loot If you support Scabwit, read section A. 
sits the representative of the Biteclaw Harrowers and fiends. The   x9 If you support Yoglang, read section B.
Vermlings: the priest, Scabwit, looking Whitefire Woods are big 
grim-faced. On the other side, the Algox enough for everyone.”   x4 
Snowspeaker, Yoglang, glares at you. A   x2 Map Layout
table heaped with food in the center of the Yoglang shrugs. “You vermin   x2 
clearing remains untouched. pay gold, or you vermin leave.”

  x1 
13-B 13-D

“Now we are all present, we can begin,” says “I told you not to call us   x1 
Scabwit. “The Biteclaw clan would like it to ‘vermin’, you big, dumb slab   x1 
be recognized that they will take ownership of meat!”

Section A Special Rules
You announce that Frosthaven sides with Do not set up the Polar Bears, Hounds, or If Scabwit dies, the scenario is lost.
the Vermlings, and Yoglang is furious. She Vermling Scouts. All characters start on 
rises to her feet and bellows at you. “The the left side of the scenario map. The Snowspeaker is Yoglang. Yoglang 
Algox do not recognize this treaty. We are and Scabwit will only focus on and attack 
betrayed, now we will crush you!” From The Vermling Priest is Scabwit, an ally to each other until one of them is dead.
her side of the clearing, a number of Algox you and an enemy to all other monsters. 
warriors step out from their hiding places. He adds -1  to all his move abilities and At the start of each listed round, spawn 

is immune to Yoglang’s . Any character the following monsters at the listed 
can lose one card from their hand or two locations based on character count:

Scenario Goals from their discard pile to negate one 
The scenario is complete when at least source of damage to Scabwit. 
seven rounds have passed and all 
enemies are dead. At the end of that Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
round, read 20.2.

2, 4, 6 A: One normal A: One normal A: One elite 
Algox Scout Algox Scout Algox Scout

3, 5, 7 B: One normal B: One elite B: One elite 
Algox Guard Algox Guard Algox Guard

– Continued on next page.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

115



93 CONT. • Midwinter Brawl

Section B Special Rules
You announce that Frosthaven sides with Do not set up the Algox Scouts, Archers, The Vermling Priest is Scabwit. He is 
the Algox, and Scabwit is furious. “We or Guards. All characters start on the right immune to Yoglang’s Retaliate and adds 
have been driven from our homes, and side of the scenario map. -1  to all his move abilities. Yoglang 
now our only place of refuge is barred and Scabwit will only focus on and attack 
from us! The Vermlings refuse to pay The Snowspeaker is Yoglang, an ally to each other until one of them is dead.
and will take the territory by force!” He you and an enemy to all other monsters. 
whistles shrilly, and Vermlings jump out Any character can lose one card from At the start of each listed round, spawn 
from their hiding places. their hand or two from their discard pile to the following monsters at the listed 

negate one source of damage to Yoglang. locations based on character count:
If Yoglang dies, the scenario is lost.

Scenario Goals
The scenario is complete when at least Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
seven rounds have passed and all 
enemies are dead. At the end of that 2, 4, 6 C: One normal  C: One elite  C: One elite  
round, read 192.2. Polar Bear Polar Bear Polar Bear

3, 5, 7 D: Two normal D: Two normal D: Two elite 
Vermling Scouts Vermling Scouts Vermling Scouts

Scenario Key

Algox Archer Vermling Priest C A

Algox Guard Vermling Scout

Algox Scout Cave Corridor 1

Algox Large Cave 
Snowspeaker Corridor 2

Hound Barrel 2

Polar Bear Supply Shelf 2 D B

94 • B6 A Grand View  

  Design and writing: Mathew G. Somers

Scenario Goals terrain, you scan the blurred landscape as the hours slip away, with you stumbling 
The scenario is complete when all for any signs of Camilla, the painter Eros across the frozen wastes in vain.
characters and at least C Vermling sent you off to find. You tracked down the 
Scouts have escaped. At the end of adventurers who gave her directions out And then, without warning, a small voice: 
that round, read 102.3. here and got the same. This may be a fool’s “Excuse me, please?” Something sobs 

errand, but you must admit that you, too, and taps at your leg. Startled, you look 
are interested in catching sight of these down to see a small Vermling, bundled 

Introduction “majestic beasts”. in clothing, blinking up at you. The 
A cold wind waters your eyes. Being wind blows but nothing more is said. Not 
careful with your steps over the icy, rocky There has to be some sign of something knowing how to proceed, you ask how you 

nearby. You repeat these words to yourself may be of service.
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSI–O CNo.ntinued on next page.

116



94 CONT. • A Grand View

“Robots,” the small Vermling cries. “They Special Rules
come in the night and take my family. I Do not set up the Scout or Flaming in any empty starting hex. It is normal for 
follow them to a big building, but there are Bladespinner monster ability decks or two or three characters or elite for four 
too many. I can’t rescue them by myself. the Flaming Bladespinner stat card. characters. In addition, at the start of each 
Please, I need help.” third round, spawn one Ruined Machine 

All obstacles A and B cannot be at any empty starting hex. It is normal for 
You ask if perhaps there was an older destroyed or moved in any way. two characters, elite each second spawning 
human woman captured by these robots (starting with the first) for three characters, 
as well. All Flaming Bladespinners have  and or elite for four characters.

cannot be interacted with in any way. 
“Possible,” the Vermling shrugs. “The Instead of acting as normal, at the start All doors 1, 2, and 3 are locked.
machines, they capture everything they of each round, each one moves one hex 
see. Not sure why. I can show you.” clockwise around the adjacent obstacle A. Any character adjacent to control console 

If any hex a Flaming Bladespinner enters B may forgo one top or bottom action 
The Vermling leads you to the facility. contains another figure, place that figure each round to discard that card instead 
This is your only possible lead on where in the closest empty hex. If that figure is a and place damage tokens on the console 
Camilla could have gone. “Must be character or Vermling Scout (not character equal to the left (tens) digit of the 
careful,” the Vermling warns as you stop summon), it also suffers trap damage. discarded card’s initiative value.
at the entrance. “If the spinners notice 
you, they cry and call many others. My At the end of each round, for each All starting hexes are also escape hexes. 
last friends who said they’d help did not character or Vermling Scout (not If any character becomes exhausted or 
listen. They didn’t live.” character summon) adjacent to a Flaming more than C Vermling Scouts die, the 

Bladespinner, spawn one Ruined Machine scenario is lost.

2 Section Links
When at least 10xC damage tokens 
have been placed on control console 
B, read 150.2. 

A 1 When door 2 is opened, read 20.3. 
When door 3 is opened, read 87.3.

A
Map Layout

B
01-D

A

A 1 16-D 13-F

01-B

3

Scenario Key Loot

Ancient   x9 
Artillery Vermling Scout Debris 4   x3 
Flaming   x5 

Bladespinner Metal Door 4 Large Debris 3
  x1 

Ruined   x1 
Machine  Trap 4 Metal Cabinet 3

  x1 
Steel Control 

Automaton Console 1 Treasure 2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

117



95 • FR To Bury the Dead
  Frosthaven Design and writing: Mathew G. Somers

Scenario Goals Special Rules Section Links
The scenario is complete when At the start of each round after the When sarcophagus A is relocated to 
sarcophagus A is relocated into both first, if all characters are occupying either door 1, read 84.1. 
hexes B and the Reluctant Ghost or are adjacent to sarcophagus A, When sarcophagus A is relocated to 
is not on the map. At the end of that relocate it to any two unoccupied, door 2, read 149.3. 
round, read 34.3. non-obstacle hexes with at least one At the start of the eighth round,  

adjacent to a character hex. Any non- read 43.1. 
door, non-corridor overlay tiles in 

Introduction these hexes are destroyed.
Life has a knack for the unexpected. You Map Layout
glance down and adjust your grip on the If any character becomes exhausted, 
coffin you carry, tracing the walls outside the scenario is lost. 01-E

Frosthaven in the moonlight. You’re to 
inter the painter who was, by all accounts, All doors 1 and 2 are locked, but 02-E 11-C

a lovely, talented person in life, albeit sarcophagus A can be relocated to 
mildly ill-tempered. The problem is, in them. 11-A

death, she’s become all ill-temper and 
nothing more.

“Burn the Oak!” Camilla’s ghost 
blasphemes as you near the graveyard. 
“Back! Bring me back!” It would seem her Scenario Key
unnatural, violent end has left her quite 
resistant to the idea of death. Ice Wraith Snow Door 3 Sarcophagus 1

You notice a shadowy substance rise 
from her sarcophagus, its swirling mass Living Bones Large Snow 

Corridor 1 Snow Rock 3
coalescing to form a spectral hand. On 
instinct, you strike it down, and poor Living Doom Snow Corridor 1 Tree 3
Camilla wails.

And then, something wails back. As Living Spirit
you peer into the darkness, your feet 
tentatively crunching through the snow, 
you realize it was foolish to undertake 
this task at night. The wind rattles the 1 1
branches of nearby trees, masking the Loot
sound of the icy projectile that narrowly   x8 
misses your head. Looks like more work 
has shown up. Luckily, this sort is right in   x4 
your wheelhouse.   x2 

  x2 
  x2 

A

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
118



96 • E11 Underground Station
  Copperneck Mountains Design and writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all Each debris, regardless of size, has L+10 If the front hex of the floating platform 
characters have escaped. At the end of hit points. They are enemies to you and enters a hex occupied by any figure, the 
that round, read 79.2. allies to all monsters. figure suffers  L+6 and is placed in 

the closest empty hex. If the floating 
At the end of each round, floating platform would enter any debris, the 

Introduction platform B moves one hex toward door debris instead suffers  L+6 and the 
It looks like the tip you heard about a still- 1, its back hex always entering the platform ends its movement.
functioning Unfettered facility was correct. hex its front hex exits. Tiles, tokens, or 
A hexagonal hatch easily pries up and, with figures on the floating platform move Door 1 is locked and will unlock when 
a light hiss, reveals a ladder down into a with it. Each character occupying it may the floating platform moves adjacent to it.
ruddy metallic cavern. You push deeper increase this movement by one hex. The 
into the chamber and find it remarkably floating platform destroys all traps and If any character becomes exhausted, the 
well preserved, despite the occasional terrain it enters, and it can open doors. scenario is lost.
corridor where the ceiling has collapsed.

With each step you take, the path Map Layout
illuminates farther ahead, lit by an 
unseen force. The whole system seems 
to be reacting to your presence. The floor 01-F 01-B
trembles, and a thin blue path of light 
appears, extending farther into the facility. 11-B 13-B 11-F

With a gentle creak, a smooth metal 
platform beside you begins to impossibly 
rise, hovering a few inches off the rail 05-A
line below. It seems sturdy enough to bear 07-C
a load. Without further explanation, it 
trundles forward on the blue path toward a 
doorway blocked by a cave-in ahead.

While the system has seemed welcoming Section Links
so far, not every component is eager to see When door 1 is opened, read 18.1.
you—an automated turret rises out of the 
ground and aims right at you. 1

Scenario Key Loot

Ancient Large Metal   x14 
Artillery Corridor 2   x1 

  x3 
Black Imp Stairs 2

  x1 
  x1 

Rending Drake Ice Pillar 6

Cave Door 1 Debris 5 B

Metal Door 2 Large Debris 4

Cave Corridor 1 Treasure 1

Large Cave 
Corridor 3
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

119



97 • D12 Program Control Nexus
  Copperneck Mountains Design and writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when the Whenever any character ends their turn corresponding monster ability card from 
Program Director is dead. At the end occupying any pressure plate A to D, their hand (placing it in the monster 
of that round, read 43.3. reveal up to two monster ability cards set’s discard pile) to determine that set’s 

from the corresponding monster ability actions for the round instead of revealing 
deck listed below and add them to the one card from the monster ability 

Introduction character’s hand. deck. If any monster set on the map 
“THIS IS A CLEAN ROOM has no ability cards in its draw deck, 
PROGRAMMING FACILITY. ALL A: Robotic Boltshooter a character must play one for that set 
DETRITUS MUST BE REMOVED.” B: Steel Automaton from their hand. Whenever any monster 

C: Ruined Machine ability card is played by a character, all 
The spindly arm of the ceiling-mounted D: Flaming Bladespinner monsters of that set become allies to you 
voice adjusts and re-adjusts its and enemies to the Program Director 
perspective on you, confirming At the start of each until the end of the round. Monsters of 
with an array of red lights round, for each that set are still allies to all non-boss 
that its evaluation is sound. monster set on monsters and enemies to the rest of your 
On cue, a robotic floor- the map, any non-monster allies.
cleaning automaton character may 
wheels over to you, play one The Program Director suffers half the 
bumping into your damage (rounded down) from all attacks 
boots before coming B D except those performed by monsters.
to a stop. It pulls out 
a wire-bristle brush 
and tries to sweep away Loot Scenario Key
your feet to no avail. The   x10 
robot turns back to the Program 

  x2 Director
ceiling-mounted voice, giving 
an ineffective series of beeps   x4 Flaming 
before driving off to other   x1 Bladespinner
duties.

Robotic 
“I AM THE PROGRAM Boltshooter

DIRECTOR. YOU ARE 
A CONTAMINANT Ruined 

Machine
AND MUST BE 
REMOVED. PLEASE Steel 
PLACE YOUR NECKS Automaton
IN THE AUTOMATIC 
SEVERING DEVICE. Large Metal 

Corridor 3
YOUR COOPERATION 
IS APPRECIATED.”

Metal Corridor 1
A quick look around 
the room reveals rows A C

Pressure Plate
of machines waiting for 4
programming, stacks of 
punch-cards at the ready. If  Trap 6
you could get your hands on those cards…

Control 
“NON-COMPLIANCE DETECTED. Console 2
PREPARE FOR REMOVAL.” The 
machines whirl to life and start lumbering 
toward you.

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
120



97 CONT. • Program Control Nexus

Boss Special 1 Boss Special 2 Map Layout
The Program Director focuses on the The Program Director is an ally to 
farthest enemy with an adjacent empty all monsters this round, even if a 
hex, then performs: character played a monster ability 08-A

 to an empty hex closest to focus card for them. It focuses on the closest 
 +0,  2 enemy with an adjacent empty hex, 

Then all characters occupying any then performs: 15-D
pressure plates suffer trap damage.  to any empty hex closest to focus 

-2,  all adjacent enemies 06-B

98 • E12 Collapsing Vent
  Copperneck Mountains Design: Zachary Cohn; Writing: Alexander JL Theoharis

Scenario Goals set of Bladespinners and blocking the way Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all you came in. Is that... Yes! The ventilation If any character becomes exhausted, 
characters have escaped. At the end of shaft is plenty large enough to climb the scenario is lost.
that round, read 177.1. through, and judging by the airflow, this 

passage leads to the surface. You waste 
no time fleeing the room that will soon be Section Links

Scenario Effects these Unfettered’s tomb. Unfortunately, When door 1 is opened, read 160.1.
Each character suffers  3. the vent comes with its own dangers.

Map Layout
Introduction

Security alarms flash throughout 02-G
the room. An iron girder 
topples to the ground, 
crushing a 01-F
matched 11-B

1 11-F 07-H

Scenario Key

Ancient 
Loot Artillery Metal Door 3 Rubble 6

  x10 Black Imp Cave Corridor 1 Large Debris 3
  x1 
  x4 Burrowing Large Cave 

Blade Corridor 1 Stalagmites 6
  x3 
  x2 Spitting Drake  Trap 2 Treasure 2

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
121