102.1 • Inside the Swarm (100)

You creak open the heavy door and peer "Ah! It's our old hideout in the A rumble issues forth from near its throat: 
into a surprisingly hospitable grand foyer. Coppernecks.” Gem’s voice echoes. "Thank you for stopping by. Brunch will 
You hear that trilling voice rebounding “Whatever you're doing is working—this be served shortly in the courtyard. I'll be 
inside your skull, reverberating off every is truly the spitting image of it, right down forced to kill you now. Quite sorry. Any 
inch of this place. It's coming back to you to our manservant!" A butler lumbers dietary restrictions?"
now. Gem, the old Orchid, is leading you forward, flittering in and out of reality, 
to calm the mind of the Harrower, Zu. And like a figment in the corner of your eye. Gem's voice comes through less 
this is... their mind? enthusiastically. "A pity, his brunch was 

really top-notch. Also he wasn't made of 
swirling ravens. Be a dear and clear that 
out, would you?"

2
Special Rules
All characters return one card from 
their hand or discard pile to their 
set‑aside deck.

79

Goal

 102.2 • Fish King’s Ascension (77)  102.3 • A Grand View (94)

The Fish King reels backward, screaming Special Rules Conclusion
in agony as he once again discorporates. Set the Fish King’s current hit point You exit the facility and can already hear 
Tendrils of inky darkness pour out of the value to half its maximum hit point the bundled Vermling weeping with joy. 
newly reformed gateway, repelled only by value (rounded up). It is now immune He rushes out of hiding, nearly collapsing 
what little light remains in this accursed to damage. over the fallen snow as he grabs hold of 
place. Though you feel the Fish King start each family member with balled fists. 
to weaken, his power persists. Again, you Any figure adjacent to the Fish King Immediately, he offers them the clothing 
must venture forth. may spend 1 movement point to place off his back and whatever little snacks he’s 

their figure in any empty hex adjacent managed to store away.
to the glowing orb.

It is a tender moment. So much so that 
Right now, if  is strong or waning, it even though Eros may be pained to hear of 
can immediately be consumed to cause your search for Camilla, a great sense of 
one Night Demon to suffer trap damage. accomplishment washes over you.. As you 

part ways, you understand: some treasures 
All characters add +1  to all their cannot be measured by the hand.
attacks targeting Night Demons.

Rewards
Section Links Gain 10  each.
When all Night Demons are dead,  
read 184.5.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
102



 103.1 • My Private Empire (107)

The bell chain retracts into the ceiling, 
and then clapping and excited laughter 
echoes from the brass tubes: “Behold, 
my Dance Hall! I trust you brought 
comfortable shoes? I hope you’ll forgive 
me if I’m a moment delayed? In the 
meantime, these fine fellows were hoping 
for a waltz. Let the ball begin!”

C 3
Special Rules
The third episode is overcome when 
all revealed enemies are dead.

Section Links
When the third episode is overcome, 
read 11.5.

2

 103.2 • Lumber Shipment  103.3 • Sunless Trench (42)

A stern knock on your longhouse door 
reveals a man with skin as thick as leather. 
He tips his hat, then asks you to sign for a Goal
delivery as two men unload his wagon.

“Told you I’d come back around with those 
materials you ordered. The pass is brutal, 
but the gains are sweet.”

Rewards
Gain 5 collective  and  
2 collective .

2

 103.4 •  Retires

“I thank you for building my form and “That may be an easy answer for someone and they may have the answers I seek. I 
restoring power to my central processing that was born, that was created through have heard there is a nation of Quatryls 
core.” You are standing with the Metal biological processes. But I was built. My across the Misty Sea. I will sail there in 
Mosaic on the docks, staring out at the original parts were forged by skilled hands hopes of finding my purpose. You wave 
ocean. “I value the life—the sentience— for an intended purpose. My arm is meant goodbye as the hulking metal machine 
that has been restored to me, but I still to drill, but what exactly am I supposed to steps aboard the ship and sails off into 
struggle to find the purpose of that drill? And does my leg aid in that purpose, the sunset.
sentience. You have made it clear that I or does it have a different goal?” The 
am not beholden to you, but then what, or Metal Mosaic begins to walk down the 
who, am I beholden to?” dock toward a large trade ship bound for Section Links
 the eastern continent. Add 165.4 to the calendar in ten 
You suggest that perhaps the Metal  weeks.
Mosaic is not beholden to anything other “These are questions I don’t think you 
than themself. or I can answer. The Quatryls built me, 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
103



 104.1 • Job Posting  104.2 • The Titan (123)

You’re walking by the docks when you With the cannons wrangled and smoking 
spot the seafaring Captain Doghogger behind you, you ascend the titan’s legs 
trying to round up a crew. He approaches until you reach its torso. You try prying a 
you with urgency. panel open, but with no luck.

“I just got word there’s an abandoned Then a laugh bellows toward you. You 4
ship full of supplies in the bay. No crew, look up to see an Algox’s burly white 
going to be at the bottom of the sea soon.” form perched on the titan’s shoulder, 
Captain Doghogger takes a sip from a its necklace of teeth clacking below an 3
metal canteen and swishes the liquid equally toothy grin. More swoop in, 
around his mouth before swallowing. He’s and they’re—flying? No, manipulating 
seen some hard times in his past—much wind gusts with their staves. “Now is our 
like anyone who has made their way to chance to destroy their puny settlement,” 
Frosthaven—and he isn’t one to turn down the one shouts to the others. “If we can 
the opportunity for some easy loot. control this creature—and stop them!” 2
“Fishing crew told me they spotted it out The others angle toward you, staves 
there. Sounds like it’s barely above the cracking against the titan’s metal. You 
waterline, just waiting for someone to help notice the Algox on the shoulder stands 
lighten its load. Easy job, in and out and near the base of the titan’s skull, which 
we salvage whatever we can. Probably has promising-looking hinges, like those 
not a thing to fear, just need a team with on a door. It may be a way inside. But 
strong backs to grab as much treasure as you’ll have to defeat the Algox first.
we can carry. Eh? What do you say we 
head over and take a look?”

Special Rules 1
Door 4 is locked and will unlock 

Rewards when both pressure plates A have 
New Scenario: Sinking Ship 92 been activated.

 104.3 • Tome of Elements  104.4 • Scrap Pit (35)

Eddica runs her finger down the page Section Links
of the Tome of the Elements. She utters If you have already read 71.3, 
something under her breath, dips her return to it.
finger at the melted base of a wax candle, 
and traces something on your foreheads. 1
“That should do it—ouch!” She quickly G
sucks her fingertip into her mouth. She 
looks back at you with a shrug. “Got hot.” C

Rewards
During the next scenario, the  
element token does not move from 
the waning column to the inert 
column at the end of any round. F D
Gain “Tome of Elements” 216 .

Do not resolve an outpost event 
this week. E

61

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
104



 105.1 • Life and Death (61)

You follow the Orchid through the maze Section Links
of terrors, but as you make your escape, When door 2 is opened, read 82.2.
putting distance between you and the heart 
of this wretched place, your disposition 2
does not improve. Something still claws at 
your mind, making it increasingly difficult 
to fight back against these threats.

Special Rules
From now on, all characters and 1
character summons gain disadvantage 
on all their attacks, and Moonshard 
increases her attack value to L+2.

 105.2 • Spire Basement (23)

Conclusion clear: The machines feed bodies to the clear enough; you just have to get on and 
You do not know where spirits go after stoves, which in turn fuel the beam of push the button.
you dispatch them, but you hope it’s far energy through some nefarious magic. You 
away. You extinguish the malevolence, cannot fathom who could be responsible 
releasing its grip on this chamber. for such an operation, but you do know Rewards

where to look for them. Gain one random item blueprint.
What’s left is this empty room—a  
place made for grisly work. Without the In the rear of the chamber there is an New Scenario:
mechanical creatures running up and elevator: a metal platform set into the Top of the Spire 34  
down the halls, you have to guess at how floor, strung up to a system of pulleys and 
the furnaces function, but it seems pretty chains leading upward. The controls are 

 105.3 • A Giant Block of Ice (72)  105.4 • Apotheosis (76)

You remember taking a little tumble down Special Rules You feel the deep, rumbling vibrations 
these frost-cracked stairs on your way in. Replace the upper door 2 with a moments before a cylinder of steel breaks 
The thought of pushing the ice block back large corridor as shown, and open the through the chamber’s far wall. Your 
up the stairs does not bring you joy. At lower door 2. heart drops as you see whirling blades and 
least you know the tomb levels off after mechanical death emerge to join the melee.
the stairs. Spawn one normal Living Bones at 

C. In addition, spawn one normal “Almost there... yes... can you feel the 
Living Bones at D for three or four power?” The Fish King gurgles happily, 
characters. oblivious to his surroundings. You must 

keep him alive so he can finish casting his 
The current slide difficulty is 5. ritual; for his survival and yours.

2 3 Doors 3 are locked, but the ice pillar 
can enter them.

2 3

3 Section Links
When the ice pillar enters any door 3, 55
read 132.2.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
105



 106.1 • Corrupted Camp (39)  106.2 • The True Oak (70)

Special Rules Striving to defend the Oak from the Special Rules
Reduce the Algox Scout’s current hit villains, you round it and find more soldiers Open all doors 2.
point value to (L+X)x2 (if able), where on the north face of the trunk, including 
X is the number of damage tokens on their leader, clad in radiant gold armor. The elite City Guard is the Flaming 
door 2. Sword of Justice. It adds +1  and 

“I am the Flaming Sword of Justice,” he  to all its attacks. At the start of 
bellows, brandishing a huge sword that the next round and each second round 
is, indeed, on fire. His eyes are filled with after, until the Flaming Sword of 
wild fervor. “This heresy will not stand! Justice is dead, spawn one Hound at 
There is but one Oak: that which bathed B. It is normal for two characters, 
man in its glory when we emerged from elite each second spawning for three 
the darkness! To claim otherwise is— characters, or elite for four characters.
raaaaghhh!”

This man has clearly worked himself into 
some sort of religious fervor and can’t be 
reasoned with.

2
B

82
 106.3 • Old Coin

After centuries of use, soft metals like 
gold used in commerce lose the markings 
of their origination. It’s a good thing 
people around Frosthaven accept just 
about anything, because the marks 
on the coins you’ve found are barely 
discernible—certainly not the special ones 
you’re looking for.

Rewards
The looting character gains X gold, 
where X is how much gold one 2 2 A A A 2 2
money token is worth at L+1.

 106.4 • The Face of Torment (68)

Conclusion You stand to help, but they direct you to guidance on enhancement that may one day 
The demon explodes in a shower of gloopy continue gathering your strength. “Rest prove useful. Voice-of-Eight also opens a 
purple liquid. Immediately, Voice-of- now, revered allies... friends. We will stable portal between Frosthaven and their 
Eight resumes their chant, and the rift be forever thankful of your courage and new home, so they can more easily share 
closes. The crack in the array recedes and kindness in helping us restore this place their knowledge with all its residents.
disappears, and the Aesthers collapse that once was a symbol of research and 
with a similar level of exhaustion you are learning. It shall once again become a 
feeling. It is finished. beacon of hope and safety for our kind in Rewards

this plane. As promised, we will provide “Aesther Outpost” quest complete.
An eerie silence hangs over you as you rest, knowledge and guidance to whomever 
interrupted only by the reassuring rustling seeks it, but especially to you.”
of wind through the surrounding forest. Section Links
Voice-of-Eight rises before you do and sets You stay a while and learn from them, Add 133.1 to the calendar in two 
about repairing the damage of the chaos. while they build various structures among weeks.

the ruins. In particular, Nera provides some 
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

106



 107.1 • The Lurker Problem (78)  107.2 • Tome of Time

Conclusion Maybe word will spread of your Eddica reviews the tome and is impressed 
Well. You did it. The structure by the misadventure, and you’ll be the laughing with the technique description. “This 
seaside has arrived at a neutral state: silent stock of town for a few days. Being a really makes the positioning clear, I’ll 
and empty, left for no one’s edification. source of entertainment for your friends have to make note of this format for my 
Except, perhaps, that of the ocean’s and its doesn’t sound like too poor of a reward, own writings.” She taps the page a couple 
relentless quest for erosion. Dejected, with considering. times, mouthing the words, then looks up 
nothing to show for your efforts except a to your companion and speaks with a flick 
few new Lurker scars, you return to the Your mind trails back to the seaside of her wrist: “Temporialius wrinklae!”
town hall. structure, though. Who built it, who it 

might have once belonged to. Why were A haze wraps around the subject and 
You come upon Glint, who is down on the Abaeli and Lurkers so incensed over Eddica’s lips turn up in a smile. “Lovely.”
his knees, varnishing the floor before the such tide-ravaged territory? You may 
water from your “friend” damages the never solve this mystery.
wood further. When you relate the tale of Rewards
your futile mission, he breaks off from You tell yourself that’s alright. Not every In the next scenario, the selected 
his continual grumbling, sits back on his mystery needs to be solved, after all. That player returns any number of ability 
haunches, and guffaws. would take away from the strange, chilling cards in their discard pile to their 

charm of this outpost and its outlying hand at the end of the second round.
“And here I thought my afternoon was landscapes.
ill-spent!” he chortles. You bristle, feeling Gain “Tome of Time” 217 .
sore about the whole affair, but Glint’s 
laughter is deep-bellied and infectious. Rewards Do not resolve an outpost event 
You can’t help cracking a smile, too. Gain 10  each. this week.

 107.3 •  Retires

“My clan needs me,” the Snowdancer says, about.” They stand and stare at a small You extend a hand in respect, and the 
remorse in their eyes. “I have just received whirlwind of snow they have conjured Snowdancer envelopes it with their own, 
word that the elder priest has succumbed in their palm. “And I am wrong to call smiling warmly. “Until we meet again.”
to the long winter, and the burden to lead leadership a burden. It is a joy, and an 
now falls on my shoulders.” honor. I take it up gladly, but it does mean 
 that you and I must now part ways. I hope Section Links
You express your condolences, but the our friendship has strengthened the bond Add 177.4 to the calendar in the 
Snowdancer shakes their head. “She lived between Algox and this outpost—that we ninth week of next summer.
a fulfilling life, and has now joined with have many fruitful years to come as allies.” 
Geryuu. There is nothing to be remorseful  

 107.4 • Underwater Throne (53)

Conclusion the ocean floor, life blooming all around Whale grows still. All is silent for a brief 
What lured these creatures away from it as thousands of creatures thrive on the moment, then you grab the shard and flee, 
their former life, from the glory that you bounty. An oasis of paradise in the endless one step closer to reuniting the shards into 
saw in your first vision, is a confounding abyss... it is the Lurker’s “name”—Fallen the crown that was lost so long ago.
mystery. But you hope that when this is all Whale.
over, they will at least have peace.

The image-name fades in an instant and Rewards
The head Lurker, its shell cracked and its you see the shattered crown, its shards Gain 2  each. Gain “Coral Shard” 
claws hanging lifeless by its side, looks up orbiting each other freely, drawing ever campaign sticker.
at you. The inky madness has departed and closer together. The vision comes with  
a new clarity flickers in its eyes. Its breath a rush of hope, then sorrow. You see the New Scenario: Uniting the Crown 60
is erratic, but it speaks to you psychically, crown as it was, complete and dazzling, a 
images and feelings echoing gently in flash of glory and warmth… but then the 
your mind. The corpse of a giant lies on vision fades as the Lurker known as Fallen 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
107



 108.1 • The Longest Second (125)  108.2 • Tavern Inquiry

Finally, you come to the center of the incalculable danger. The words of your You ask Dinah Snapclaw, proprietor of 
factory, the repository of a massive time-crossed doppelganger ring in your the Boiled Crab tavern, if she has any 
generator. Whereas the first Temportal was memory. “No— I didn’t get a chance to recollection of The Mighty Three.
emitting all kinds of fantastical light, this warn you about—”
one is like a black hole. Streams of light— “Those idiots? Yeah, I remember them. 
no, time—time itself is being funneled Is this what you wanted to warn yourself They’ll come by every so often with 
into the machine! In years past, this power about? another mark to cheat at cards. They tip 
plant may have fueled an empire, but at decent so I keep my mouth shut. Actually, 
the moment, it seems to be in the midst of You steal yourself and head for the amulet- last week was the first time they stiffed 
a catastrophe. shaped impression on the generator’s me. I guess Tarro finally won a few 

control panel. hands.” The Vermling spits into a glass 
That ever present buzz is dwindling down and begins to polish it behind the counter. 
to a whisper now, and on the Temportal “One of them came around the night of the 
itself, bright red, is a large, illuminated Section Links fire, come to think of it. Looked like hell, 
“1”. When all characters occupy tile 16-D needed a drink. Right around 6:30.”

and a character ends their turn adjacent 
In the back of your mind the amulet to glowing orb A, read 136.5. You ask if Dinah remembers which one of 
screams at you. That “1” represents the three stopped by. She shrugs. “I don’t 

know their names. It wasn’t the lady… the 
bald one, I think? Tall guy.”

Where will you go now?

A
Section Links
If you search Allya’s room at the 

14 barracks, read 179.3 now.

If you search Barno’s room at the 
barracks, read 149.2 now.

If you search Cecil’s room at the 
barracks, read 166.1 now.

If you know who the killer is and don’t 
need any additional investigation, read 

88.2 now.
2

 108.3 • Black Memories (121)

You land another blow and the Mindthief’s I present a real threat, you can no longer Special Rules
power armor staggers back. Inside, she look at me with disgust, can you?” Immediately choose to focus on either 
grows visibly angry. destroying the automaton or disabling 

You hesitate. Here is a Vermling both the mind control device.
“I knew you’d find me.” Her voice is high, intelligent and ambitious, but you realize 
frenzied. “I tried diplomacy. I tried altering she isn’t accepted by her own people either.
minds with simple words! I wanted to Scenario Goal
change everyone’s view of us—of me, and And so, you are left with a choice. You The scenario is complete when the 
the other Vermlings.” She tells you how can concentrate on destroying the armor, Augmented Mindthief is dead. At 
difficult it has been to be caught between as you have been doing – this will the end of that round, if you chose to 
two worlds. How she tried living among surely neutralize her threat. Or you can focus on destroying the automaton, 
humans and other groups, how she would concentrate on disabling her mind control read 184.2. Otherwise, at the end 
even alter the way she spoke, to fit in better. helmet. It seems a shame to destroy of that round, read 125.4.

something so powerful, but it’s probably 
“Now that my powers are augmented,” the best way to stop the fight without 
the Mindthief says, grimacing. “Now that killing your enemy.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
108



 109.1 • Change of Heart (55)

Conclusion malevolent force had corrupted their to one of your hands, and you notice 
So many lives have been lost in this war. thoughts and beliefs, pitting them against for the first time that a small glyph has 
Tribulation and horror has fallen on either their own kin. But the evil has been been tattooed into each of your bodies: a 
side for centuries, and now, here in this banished, and the reasons for fighting have circle cut through with a series of thick, 
room, you stand poised to end it. A great disappeared. Geryuu speaks through both interlocking lines. It escaped your notice 
crack runs through the center of the Heart the ice and the snow, and if their forces before but now it’s impossible not to 
of Ice, and you raise the Unyielding Shard are combined, it will only make the Algox marvel at the lines glimmering with bluish 
as a chorus of protests break out. You defy stronger. light. The elder smiles. “The Heart has 
them all and sink the shard in deep. marked you, warm-bloods. It means ‘Ally 

“The war is over,” the chief says, almost of the Frost.’ A very rare thing indeed.”
Light and warmth. A wave of radiant not believing the words coming out of 
energy erupts into the room like sunlight her own mouth. “Geryuu calls for peace, It is difficult to appreciate the full gravity 
touching the land after a century-long and that is the end of it. Our two sects are of the gesture—you did just fight through 
winter. You raise your eyes to the Heart joined together—made into one by the an army of Algox—but you give thanks 
and see the Unyielding Shard within it. power of snow and ice.” Her chest expands as best you can. The elder nods and then 
The two pieces have become one, the and a soft bluish glow radiates from her together you join the celebration that is 
smaller shard enveloped by the Heart of open hands. “Let it be known that from already filling the chamber.
Ice around it, and they hang before you, this day forth there shall no longer be 
a star brought down from the heavens, two sects in the north, speaking to the 
and they are singing. Their steady hum snow or the ice. From this day, until the 
emanates throughout the room: a rich, end of days, we shall all be known as the Rewards
golden tone. With it comes light. Vibrant Frostspeakers.” Gain 2 morale and 2 prosperity. 
ethereal glyphs, like those you saw Unlock whichever class box is still 
embedded in the shard, unfurl outward A great bellowing cheer shakes the air locked:  or . Gain “Friend 
into the room. They move quickly, and for the first time in ages, Snowscorn of the Frostspeakers” campaign 
threading in every direction like a mountain is at peace. sticker. Remove all  events from 
thousand scrolls thrown open at once, and all outpost event decks. 
fill every chamber and tunnel with light. You are given a bit of attention by a surly  

Algox healer, and shortly afterward, Add events WO-66 and WO-67 to 
The effect on the Algox in the chamber is Gurndel comes to your side. the winter outpost deck.
immediate. All fighting and commotion 
immediately ceases as every Algox in “Well then,” she says, snorting in good Add one  card to the  
sight stares dumbfounded at the spectacle, humor at your current state. “It would town guard deck.
slowly comprehending the words of their seem that you, my friends, have been 
god and what they mean—that some changed as well.” The elder gestures 

 109.2 • Derelict Freighter (127)  109.3 • The Eternal Crave (122)

Special Rules With the bark in hand, you just have to get Section Links
Place the revealing character on stairs back to Noore at the mouth of the cave to When the character who looted 
D. Stairs C and D are linked. cook the stew. the mammoth bark ends their turn 

adjacent to pot A, read 162.2.

Special Rules
Spawn the following monsters at the listed locations based on character count:

30
Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

E: One elite Ice Wraith. E: One elite Ice Wraith. E: Three normal 
F: Three normal  F: Three elite Ice Wraiths. 
Snow Imps. Snow Imps. F: One elite Snow Imp.

D

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
109



 110.1 • A Growing Problem (124)  110.2 • Temple of Feline Power (132)

Conclusion As you pick up the statue, you feel from inside your head commands you: 
You make your way up to the whirling invigorated; strangely powerful. However, “PUT ME BACK!”
contraption made of wonder and the feeling quickly fades, and you can see 
impossibility. There, on its central panel, the power’s glow leave your fingertips and But you find yourself unable to. The idol 
is an impression in the exact shape of your join the swirling shadows. grows heavier and heavier as you hold it 
amulet. Choking back what is now the until it is almost unbearable, but you just 
almost rancid taste of peanut butter, you A screeching voice that seems to come can’t put it down...
slam the amulet into the indentation just as 
the roots of the frozen tree twist and wind 
their way around you, filling the room to Special Rules
capacity. Set up all monsters as shown as if just passed the idol, place one damage token 

spawned. on their character mat. All characters 
At first, there is a stillness so great that it reduce the value of all their move 
must be the halting of time. Then, slowly, Place one numbered token on the mat of abilities by half the number of damage 
the roots retreat. Soon, the room clears itself, the character adjacent to the altar. This tokens on their mats (rounded up).
and you realize you’ve been holding your represents the feline idol. Any character 
breath. You breathe in deeply, the air earthy with the idol may freely pass it to an At the end of the next round and each 
and sweet, without even a hint of tainted adjacent character at any time during second round after that, the character 
time, or peanut butter, left in its wake. their turn (including during movement). with the idol adds one damage token 

to their mat and all other characters 
You pick up the amulet. One of the two The character with the idol also places remove one (if any).
crystals is now glowing green. It seems one damage token on their character 
that you were able to siphon off the mat. From now on, for three or four Door 1 is now unlocked.
temporal energies and heal the fracture that characters, whenever any a character is 
was growing out of the malfunctioning 
machine. Unfortunately, the machine looks 
utterly mundane now. Whatever improbable Section Links
science or magic that fueled it is gone. When door 1 is opened, read  

129.4.
That familiar tickle returns to your 
consciousness. The amulet has new plans 
for you.

Rewards
Gain 15  each. 1 B
 
New Scenario:
The Longest Second 125

 110.3 • Joseph the Lion (126)  110.4 • Deadly Pastimes (85)

Conclusion A cold breeze blows down a set of stairs 
Joseph pays little attention to your leading up to an opening in the ceiling. 
numerous wounds, dislocated shoulders You may have just found your exit. To 
and torn armor. He’s just glad to have his your left, a group of boulders blocks your 
hands back on the ice-cream. Before long, passage.
he vanishes from your sight, babbling 2
about his latest hare-brained scheme. 
Something about water slides?

B
Rewards
Gain 10 gold each. 5

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
110



 111.1 • Not Sure  111.2 • Invasion of the Dock (71)

You admit you’re not sure who killed With a crash of shattered glass, you are it doesn’t look like the overturned desk is 
Tarro, confirming the demon prince’s through the office window, surprising both going to last much longer.
suspicions about your competency, or as he sides of the battle that still rages inside. In 
puts it: “A lovely waste of my time.” the corner, a rotund Valrath has barricaded “Help me,” he pleads as another chair is 

himself against the ongoing onslaught, but exploded into shrapnel by the swinging 
To your surprise, a portal opens and out claws and gnashing teeth.
steps an Aesther in an unusual hat. He 
pulls a pipe from his mouth and speaks 
up, “Hello. Sorry to pop by, saw there was Special Rules
something of a mystery afoot. Happy to Place the swinging character in any B. an initiative of 99 for the purpose of 
lend a trained eye.” focusing. He has (CxL)+2 hit points. If 

From now on, any character can spend the artificer dies, the scenario is lost.
The Aesther touches a scorch mark on the 2 movement points to move from any 
wall, then gives a small harrumph. “Cecil hex adjacent to A to any empty B. At the start of each listed round, spawn 
is the murderer, clearly—he killed Tarro the following monsters at the listed 
after the man refused to return the Oak C represents the artificer, an ally to locations based on character count:
Charm that Cecil lost in a game of cards. you and an enemy to all monsters, with 
Probably accidentally, wouldn’t think it’s 
in his nature. The fire was just to cover Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
his tracks. Of course, you needn’t even 
leave this room to determine the killer; Odd D: One normal D: One elite D: One elite 
the fire ignition point is a full head higher Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher Lurker Clawcrusher 
than either of the other two could reach. It E: One normal  E: One normal  E: One elite  
turns out the answer is elemental, my dear Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower Lurker Wavethrower 
demon prince.” F: One normal F: One normal F: One elite 

Piranha Pig at each Piranha Pig at each Piranha Pig at each
And with that, he hops back into a portal  
and is gone. The demon prince looks a Even F: One normal F: One elite F: One elite 
bit taken aback by the whole affair, but Piranha Pig at each Piranha Pig at each Piranha Pig at each
ultimately smiles. “What an odd Aesther. 
Is that common here? People showing up 
just a bit too late to gloat about mysteries? Section Links
Either way, I think it’s time to remind this The first time any character ends  
plane about consequences.” He stands their turn adjacent to the artificer,  
from his ashen throne. read 95.3.

Frosthaven isn’t willing to go without a 
fight, though:

F
X G

 all F
where X is 40 if there are less than  G

fifteen buildings built, or otherwise 70.

Target buildings randomly by 
drawing from the building deck. E
You finally manage to drive the prince 
back. He laughs as he steps back through 
a portal to his home—“An enjoyable fight, 
but I have other matters to attend to. See B
you soon.”

D B
Rewards

B C
All characters start the next 22
scenario with .

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
111



 112.1 • Lush Grotto (113)  112.2 • Pirate Queen’s Haul (137)

Section Links The air broadens out into a massive You watch her emerge at the ship’s hull 
When door 4 is opened, read 154.1. crystalline cavern with an underground and shimmy deftly up a rotting rope, 
When door 5 is opened, read 146.5. lake at its center. Beneath a thundering swinging her lithe body up over the side. 

waterfall lilts the remains of a pirate ship, Her gleeful shouts indicate she’s found 
its once magnificent sails trailing raggedly the treasure. The cynical Vermling seems 
in the water, its lumber now a haven for younger suddenly, more playful and 

4 sightless burrowing critters. Without carefree. You enjoy it while it lasts. No 
further ado, Dinah leaps into the lake and one in the Boiled Crab will believe you.
swims toward the ship.

You’ll have plenty of treasure to 
compensate—once you defeat the robot 

2 5 sentries which have unleashed themselves 
from the hold, intent upon guarding their 
queen’s last resting place.

Goal

2

 112.3 • Expedition North (82)

You realize that without the call from 
Cassandra, these adventurers would 
not have stood a chance. They were 
already buried in the deep snow when 
you found them and are suffering from 
severe hypothermia. You apply warming 
poultices provided by Voice-of-Eight and 
wrap them in blankets on top of the sleds 
you brought. There is no way to stop this 
storm. You now must simply escape.

Special Rules
All characters add -1  to all their 
move abilities.

 112.4 • Thawed Wood (33)

Conclusion You cleave through the flame demons, Rewards
Working in the north for as long as you snatch up the final orange rock, and dash Gain 5  each for each unrevealed 
have, you’d think snow would be the last free of the cave. The fresh air is incredible. dowsing rune. Gain “Ember 
thing you’d want to see. And yet, here you Energy Source” 244 .
are—drenched in sweat, flame coursing The demons, though fierce, do not give 
around you, and all you want is a nice, pursuit, and so, with your stash of heat 
three-day blizzard. But you’ve found it— stones now secure, you make your way Section Links
the last stone. gladly back to Frosthaven. Add 135.1 to the calendar in three 

weeks.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
112



 113.1 • Tavern Upgraded

“On the sea, all we have is honor. And The short journey gives her the chance to The Vermling sets her torch into a sconce 
ale.” Dinah pulls her gold chain off her recount the ancient history that brought at the back of the cave. With a sweeping 
neck, setting the final ancient coin on you to this point. “The Pirate Queen scored motion of her arm she brushes the frost off 
the table in front of you. “I’ll get you the more booty than any swab before or since. a stone carving set deep into the rock. 
where, then it’s up to you to bring back the Pirate royalty, really—that little Quatryl 
Pirate Queen’s treasure. We’ll snap it right earned her title. She didn’t trust no one. A “What, you didn’t think I posted up in 
out from under Barty Half-Ear and he’ll bit paranoid. Started swapping her crew Frosthaven because it’s a good spot for a 
never see it coming, the bilge rat.” out for robots, didn’t want anyone around tavern, did you? You’re all terrible tippers. 

her with a mind of their own. But the I wanted to keep an eye on this here lock. 
Dinah gets up from the tavern booth with crown is a target, and some of her crew With the coins in the right spots we’ll 
a bit more spring in her step. She doesn’t hatched a plot. They led her into a trap, finally know where those mutineers buried 
get more than a few feet before she turns thinking they could get her to give up her the Pirate Queen and her treasure.”
back to you, suddenly the picture of fury. haul. Turns out she was a good hair crazier 
“If you wags run off with my share I will than they were and she sealed herself and 
hunt you until my dying day to wring the her mechanical crew away for all eternity. Rewards
last drop of vigor from your corpse. I’ll If she couldn’t have it, no one could.” Gain “Ancient Coin” 245 .
see to it that the plants that draw life from 
your ashes a hundred years from now are “The mutineers didn’t live much longer Remove event WO-79 from the 
bitter on the tongue, stained with the blight than that, particularly after other crews winter outpost deck and event 
of your betrayal.” heard about what they’d done. Pirate lives SR-50 from the summer road deck.

are shorter than you landlubbers’. But they 
With that, she climbs onto the bar and shouts at least had the good notion to mark where 
to the crowd: “Last call you mutts, I’ve got a they’d left the 
good feeling my luck’s about to change.” Queen’s forever-

grave. They used 
After many grumbles from the patrons, the coins of the 
Dinah Snapclaw is soon marching you into day, and if you 
an icy cave tucked away just a few minutes can find the right 
outside the protection of Frosthaven’s ones they’re the 
walls. She walks with purpose, scampering key to a particular 
over rocks and unfazed by the cold. device…” 

 113.2 • The Mighty Three Inquiry

You head over to the barracks and are locations around the outpost. I was Section Links
quickly pointed over to the so-called shuttling resources between the barracks If you go to the mining camp, read  
“Mighty Three”: Allya, Barno, and Cecil. and the mining camp from when the attack 185.3 now.
They’re playing cards around a table. started at five until well past eight.”

If you go to the hunting lodge, read  
“Tarro? Yeah, we played cards with him a Cecil rises from the table to refill his 172.4 now.
couple times a month at the hunting lodge. drink. He’s naturally much taller than 
Heck, I owed him some money—we all most guards and certainly towers over If you go to the main gate, read  
did, actually. Cecil lost his precious gold his companions around the table. He 135.5 now.
Oak Charm in a game to Tarro just a week interjects, “And I was doing runs between 
ago!” Barno stops himself, brushing his the barracks and the main gate.” If you go to building 74 (if available), 
blonde hair out of his face. “We stopped read 108.2 now.
by his place to turn over the last of his “Only because I refused to trade you for 
winnings before reporting to duty that my detail—no way I would be going that If you go to building 39 (if available), 
night. Anyway, it was just a fire, right?” close to the front line!” Barno laughs read 150.1 now.

and plays a hand of cards happily onto 
Allya taps her fingers absentmindedly and the table, dragging the pot into his lap. “I If you know who the killer is and don’t 
chimes in, “Even if it wasn’t just a fire, was going between the barracks and the need any additional investigation, read 
we were all defending against an attack hunting lodge, cushiest spot. Makes it easy 88.2 now.
when it happened. I heard, the fire was a to grab a quick drink—” Barno pauses, 
little after six in the evening, and we were remembering this isn’t a social call. “I 
all on duty. Couldn’t have been us—we mean, you don’t need to share that bit with 
were all assigned to ferry supplies between the Captain, right?”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
113



 114.1 • Ruinous Research Lab (81)

Conclusion machines also power down and become that someone back at Frosthaven will be 
You open the well-defended container to dormant. It seems they were specifically able to get some use out of these.
find a collection of research materials. programmed to fight off agents of the 
As soon as you take hold of them, the Corruption.
Aesthers seem to begin losing their grip on Rewards
this plane. With howls of anger, they fade You head back up to the surface and leaf Gain 1 prosperity. Gain “Aesther 
from view. And, interestingly enough, the through the collected papers. You’re sure Robe” 070  blueprint.

 114.2 • Attacking the Lurkers

You sit at your regular table in The Crater, Your suspicions are confirmed as Sun in to fight, even with a hundred bathyspheres. 
trying to enjoy your mugs of ale as the Shallows delivers her message, a stream Yes, yes, but with their psychic 
inexhaustible tinkerer Pinter Droman of images and emotions running like a attunement... it’s possible we could take 
chatters ceaselessly. He has been at your tapestry through your minds: advantage of that...stun them, perhaps…” 
side constantly since the bathysphere He starts pacing, speaking more and more 
mission, peppering you with questions… Huge coral structures reach upward like quickly as he gets excited about his idea. 
which is exactly why you decided you claws from the edges of a crater in the “I’d need to study this Lurker, of course; 
needed a drink. ocean floor, creating the impression of run some tests. Maybe even get a better 

an enormous flower in mid-bloom. You look at one of those shards and find a way 
“Now, on a scale of one to ten, how many feel the presence of a shard there, but the to harness its psychic energy... It’ll take 
fires occurred onboard during your dive? I vision is obscured by an inky swirl of some time, but I’m sure I could come up 
theorized only a small probability that the fear and darkness. The swirl expands as with a device to do the trick!”
air tanks would explode, and—” you watch, an unnatural aura attaching 

to the shard, guarding it, and drawing the Your response is cut short by a wave 
Pinter’s questions are cut short as an Lurkers in the area under its influence, of sorrow washing over you. You don’t 
Orchid guard runs breathlessly up to your turning their already clouded minds to its think Sun in Shallows can understand the 
table. “You have a, uh… a visitor... at the purpose. They swarm around the shard words, but the Lurker can clearly sense 
dock gate…” she pants. “It’s a… Lurker. hundreds strong: a horde, gathering to the tinkerer’s intent, and her distress is 
And it, uh, wants to see you, I think?” protect and spread the ever-growing palpable. The prospect of using the coral 

corruption. shards—her symbols of hope—to do 
You put your drinks down and head harm to her confused brethren fills her 
toward the docks, where you see a lone You see Sun in Shallows leading a group with despair. The intensity fades quickly, 
Lurker sitting patiently. You recognize of Lurkers on an ill-fated attack to unseat though, as you feel Sun in Shallows 
Sun in Shallows, the Lurker who first told the source of the corruption and retake accept that this may be the only way to 
you about the shards and the fate of its the shard. From the intense sorrow reunite the crown and save her people 
people. Archers line the walls, plucking accompanying the vision, you don’t from whatever foul thing is taking them. 
nervously at their bowstrings as you wave need to see the fight to know that Sun in You feel a release, a resignation, and now 
for the gate to open and go out to meet Shallows was the only one to escape alive. a vision of the crown floats in front of 
your caller. you, coming to rest in your hands. Sun in 

The Lurker’s vision fades from your mind, Shallows leaves the decision to you.
It’s clear that Sun in Shallows has seen but you see the stakes quite clearly: the 
combat since you last met; new cracks crown can never be reunited until you “Just to be clear,” Pinter warns, “we’ll 
run like spiderwebs over her shell and get that shard, but more than that, this detonate this device right on top of where 
the Lurker leans to one side as she sits, source of evil is gathering more beneath the shard is located. If I do my job right, 
favoring a few injured legs. The giant the waves, and it will continue to attack it should knock out all the Lurkers in the 
crustacean perks up as you approach, you—to attack Frosthaven—to corrupt as area, but I can’t guarantee there won’t be 
her psychic singsong greeting echoing many shards as it can. But what can you some collateral damage at the epicenter.” 
in your minds. You wonder what could do against such might? You nod in understanding.
compel this creature to risk the wrath of 
the Frosthaven guards, but you realize you “A psychic blast.” A voice from behind 
already know—the shards. They, and the startles you. You hadn’t realized Pinter Section Links
crown they form, compel Sun in Shallows Droman had followed you from The If you give Droman the order to 
and her awakened brethren as much as Crater, much less that he’d been privy to prepare a psychic bomb, read  
they compel you. the Lurker’s bleak vision. The tinkerer 168.2 now. Otherwise, read  

continues, almost to himself. “Too many 94.4 now.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
114



 115.1 • Mysterious Crate  115.2 • Black Memories (121)

Pinter Droman, Frosthaven’s resident Entering the next room, you brace against Yet their tails don’t disrupt the dust on the 
tinkerer, pulls off a pair of thick leather a familiar sensation: prickling limbs, a floor. Is this an illusion implanted in your 
gloves as you enter his workshop. heavy compulsion upon your mind. You mind? They hunch toward you, baring 

want to turn back. When you fight that blade-length teeth.
“Finished looking at the crate you impulse, your thoughts turn dark, urging 
nabbed off that ship the other day.” He you to attack your fellows. You shake your It doesn’t matter. You’ll have to fight them 
gestures to a wooden, tar-covered crate head to dislodge the feeling, and realize either way.
you extracted from an abandoned ship at you haven’t been paying attention. Another 
the dock. “Elkwood, good construction. pack of Vermlings blocks your way.
Exotic stuff, probably from the Eastern Special Rules
Continent. The tar…” he dips a fingertip They seem as uneasy as the last group, All Vermling Scouts set up in this 
into a sample dish perched atop a warmer, as if they’re feeling out of place. But room use the stat card of Polar Bears 
“is mostly Kivak-fat. Watertight, good then something strange happens. Like a instead of their own, but still use the 
quality. Exactly the sort of thing you’d nightmare that blinks from one terrible Scout monster ability deck.
want to contain elemental energy.” He scene to the next, they begin to grow. One 
nods, analysis complete. second, they are the size of a hound, and 

in the next, they’re larger than an Inox. Section Links
You’re about to press him for details when The blue-green energy threads through When door 2 is opened, read  
he remembers something. “Oh! And the their fur, and their enormous tails lash like 76.2.
egg. Looks cracked, nothing inside.”  knotted ropes.
He shrugs. “I’m really more of a 
mechanics guy.” 2

Section Links
If building 83 is built, read  

28.1 now.  1
 
Otherwise, add 178.1 to the 
calendar in three weeks.

 115.3 • Relief Effort (40)  115.4 • Uniting the Crown (60)

Special Rules A blur of darkness and a screech. Another 
Place one fallen Algox Guard in B. phantom Lurker falls, black ichor 

bursting from his body. That makes six. 
2 The Lurkers, which had only a moment 

Section Links ago been vicious knots of carapace and 
When door 2 is opened, read  shadow, are dead, which leaves only the 

123.3. would-be king.

He does not shy away, this abyssal lord. 
His eyes, two obsidian orbs, look down on 

B you with bottomless hate.

Special Rules
Any character with all six coral 
shards on their mat can now damage 
and apply conditions to the Fracture 
of the Deep. This includes damage 
from negative hexes if the character 

1 performs a forced movement ability.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
115



 116.1 • My Private Empire (107)  116.2 • Underground Station (96)

“Here, in this god-forsaken frozen north, Special Rules
I found the space to claim my birthright. Floating platform B now moves 
Here, I am Emperor! I am Lord! Bend toward D, then toward door 3. Door 
your knee! You will scream my name 3 is locked and will unlock when the 
with your last breath! I command  floating platform moves adjacent to it.
you—dance with ME!”

10
Section Links

Special Rules When door 3 is opened, read  
The fifth episode is overcome when all 167.4.
revealed enemies are dead.

2 D

3 D

3

 116.3 • Library Upgraded

“Looks like my project to bring knowledge “I think my research has been paying something happened, and the books were 
to this backwood is finally starting to off. If I’ve done the background research scattered. If I’m reading this correctly, 
get some attention!” Eddica, the resident correctly—and I’m certain I have—I think older maps actually reference a tower in 
Valrath librarian, gestures to an Orchid as I’ve located two of the Tomes of Power. the woods.” She points an impeccably 
you enter the library. The Orchid is clad The first is the Tome of the Elements...” manicured fingertip toward the tundra. 
in shimmering armor and wields a sword she unfurls a map across the floor, handing “But it doesn’t show up on any newer 
that seems far too massive, even for their you one corner to keep it from rolling back surveys of the region. It’s just a hunch, but 
muscular frame. up. “Here.” She points at an area nearby I think you’ll find the Tome of Conflict 

where you were already intended to go on there. If it’s not too far out of your way, 
Eddica continues: “This one is also a future adventure. “Be careful, though: could you check it out for me?”
interested in the ancient lore from around accounts of the Tome of the Elements 
these parts. Could prove useful in our make it sound a bit more volatile than the 
search for the tomes. Speaking of, follow others. I wouldn’t recommend opening it Rewards
me.” Eddica snaps at you, then turns and in the field.” Add event WR-46 to the winter 
steps briskly toward a back room. You road deck and event SR-48 to the 
give a short greeting to the Orchid and She pushes her red-rimmed glasses up summer road deck.
then follow. the bridge of her nose, kneeling next to 

the map. “The second is a bit hazier in Unlock  class box. 
“Alright, exciting news!” Eddica begins the written record. The Tome of Conflict,  
immediately as you squeeze into the like the other tomes, was penned by the New Scenario: 
cramped space full of dusty parchments. spellcaster Belara—that much is clear. But Tower of Knowledge 134

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
116



 117.1 • Captain Olmstead Inquiry

You visit the barracks and ask to speak was gathering resources from the hunting for this demon’s attack—not that I don’t 
with Captain Olmstead. He’s busy, but lodge and bringing it back here, and Cecil trust you lot to find the killer, but…” 
when you mention there’s a demon was doing runs up from the barracks to He pauses for a moment, unsure how to 
inside Frosthaven’s walls on the verge the front lines of the main gate. Here’s the continue the sentence. Eventually, he just 
of murdering everybody, his schedule consolidated logs from each check-in.” shuts the door.
suddenly clears.

He hands you the journal to take a look. It The sun will set soon and you’re running 
“The Mighty Three? They’re a group reads: out of time. Where will you go?
of guards I’ve been watching for some 
time. Never pinned anything on them, CHECK-IN LOG
but they’re always a little too close to Section Links
problematic events in town. I don’t think 5:00 PM Barracks: Allya, Barno, Cecil If you go to the mining camp, read  
they’d stoop to murder, but I’ve been 5:15 PM Main Gate: Cecil 185.3 now.
surprised by better people.” 5:30 PM Mining Camp: Allya 

5:30 PM Hunting Lodge: Barno If you go to the hunting lodge, read  
The captain shuts the door to his office 5:30 PM Barracks: Cecil 172.4 now.
and turns to you. “They spend a lot of time 6:00 PM Barracks: Allya, Barno 
gambling. Word is they lost some decent 6:30 PM Mining Camp: Allya If you go to the main gate, read  
money to Tarro a week ago.” He drags a 6:30 PM Hunting Lodge: Barno 135.5 now.
logbook off his shelf, flipping through the 7:00 PM Barracks: Allya 
pages as he speaks. 7:15 PM Barracks: Barno, Cecil If you go to building 74 (if available), 

7:30 PM Mining Camp: Allya read 108.2 now.
“The night of the attack, the alarm bell 7:30 PM Main Gate: Cecil 
first rang a little before five. The fire at 7:45 PM Hunting Lodge: Barno If you go to building 39 (if available), 
Tarro’s place was a little after six. I gave 7:45 PM Barracks: Cecil read 150.1 now.
everyone orders and put ‘The Mighty 8:00 PM Barracks: Allya 
Three’ on supply runs—at least they’d be 8:15 PM Barracks: Barno If you know who the killer is and don’t 
less likely to screw that up. Allya… let’s  need any additional investigation, read 
see, I assigned her to cart metal from the Captain Olmstead leaves you with the 88.2 now.
mining camp to the barracks. Barno, he logbook. “I’m going to go prep the guard 

 117.2 • Overrun Barricade (43)  117.3 • Scrap Pit (35)

Well, you’ve got to hand it to the Section Links “Ah, look at this!” Crain holds up a mass 
industrious little fellow—these strange When door 2 is opened, read 2.3. of steel and wire. “A perfectly pristine 
devices Crain has engineered are making charging capacitor! How marvelous!” It 
the impossible possible. You fight through looks anything but pristine, but you decide 
the first wave of Unfettered, fully prepared to continue to trust his process as he 
to take on the next. moves toward the next pile.

Special Rules
Crain’s current goal is now debris D.

1
At the start of each round, spawn 
one elite Ruined Machine for two 
characters, or two elite Ruined 
Machines for three or four characters 
at F.

2
Section Links
At the start of any round, when there 
are three damage tokens on debris D, 
read 126.3.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
117



 118.1 • Buried Ducts (36)

Conclusion and filled with rows upon rows of hulking 
There is good news and bad news. The steel and iron machines: furnaces, arms, 
good news is that, judging by the number pistons, wire, and pipe. There is no doubt 
of machines operating here, you’re nearing that this is the central chamber, and 
the center of the complex. The bad news is deep inside you can see its core: a raised 
you have to get back in the tubes. platform overlooking the vast hall, and 

atop it, a single figure cloaked in shadow.
Still, it’s easier to climb knowing that the 
end is near. You hoist yourselves back up 
and continue on. Rewards

Gain 3 collective  and
You crawl. You wriggle and scrape. Time 3 collective 
stretches slower than you knew possible.  
After a while your arms begin to tire and New Scenario:  
you wish only for sunlight. Each time you Nerve Center 44  
turn a corner to find only more ventilation 
tube, your heart sinks. Locked Out Scenario:  

The Dead Mile 37
You’re just about ready to give up entirely 
when a patch of light appears up ahead. 
You move faster, crawling out of a massive 
exhaust vent that opens onto a huge, 
echoing hall. This has to be the heart of 
the complex. The chamber is immense 

 118.2 • Lurker Necromancy (118)

The tunnel broadens into a vast chamber, had been digging for these shards when 
a host to a galaxy of pale fossils. they discovered the amulets. The next few 
Unfortunately, the Lurkers are carving images are disturbing. Lurkers herding 2
away, destroying this natural phenomenon. undead toward a group of Abaeli, ripping 
Their efforts are uncovering pockets their enemies apart. Lurkers and their 
which encase the amulet stones. undead army plaguing the landscape, 

marching toward Frosthaven.
You prepare to attack, but the Boneshaper 
stays your hand. “Let me speak to them.” “Vile purposes!” the Boneshaper spits 
Pressing fingertips to your forehead, aloud. “Petty squabbles such as these taint 
the Boneshaper opens a channel of this power. I will not allow these amulets 
communication to the Lurkers, who pause to be abused thusly!”
in their work, startled. The Boneshaper 
transmits a psychic image of the amulets, Incensed, the Lurkers rear up and rush 
asking the Lurkers what they intend. toward you.

The largest one responds, sending a flash 
of coral shards, a feeling for want. They 

 118.3 • A Call for Help

You are awoken in the middle of the night they may now be in danger. A storm is of a massive snowstorm, and you realize 
by the glowing apparition of an unfamiliar brewing. Find them before it is too late.” you must head there immediately.
Aesther woman. “This is a call for help,” 
she says. “Several weeks ago, I sent my In your mind, you see a location: rocky 
dearest friends your way, but I am afraid terrain somewhat west of the Frozen Pass, Rewards

in the Imperial Mountains. It is the center New Scenario: Expedition North 82

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
118



 119.1 • Carrion Ridge (47)  119.2 • A Contained Fire (89)

Conclusion want to travel, but you sense a presence There is a great crack, and the massive 
Cracked insect carapaces litter the ground deep within it. A darkness is hidden down sculpture comes tumbling down, 
like wet leaves after a storm. The bugs there, emanating upward like a fever. shattering as it connects with the hard 
have thrown themselves at you in wild, You have no doubt that is the source of earth. In the aftermath, you see Faye stand 
uncoordinated waves, and now they the Algox possession. Whatever your up and brush herself off. “Thank you. Now 
lay silent, their bodies mixing with the reservations, you can’t stop now. You must let’s end this!”
picked-over bones that fill this place. How descend into the Harrower tunnel and seek 
long their nest has been here, and how out the source of the corruption. You start to introduce yourself, but she’s 
many of them have spawned, you’d rather clearly on a mission. Scrambling over the 
not know, but now that the fighting has wet rubble of the statue, she immediately 
stopped, you notice there is more to this Rewards heads for the next room.
place than just bones. Gain 10 gold each.  

Gain 2 collective .
A tunnel leads away from this pit, carved  Special Rules
from the ground and reinforced with New Scenario: Door 2 is now unlocked.
collected branches and roots. Normally, Call of the Harbinger 56  
such a tunnel would be the last place you’d Place one numbered token in an empty 

hex adjacent to C or the closest 
empty hex to it. This represents Faye, 
an ally to you and an enemy to all 

 119.3 • Random Scenario monsters. She has 8+(3xL) hit points 
but immediately reduces her current 

You hold the curiously fragile bit of machines, you wonder whether it is hit point value to 3+L. On initiative 11 
machinery in your hand, and it suddenly still operational and whether it may be each round, she performs  2;  L,  
comes to life, projecting some sort of beneficial to visit. After a considerable focusing on moving toward and 
illusory, three-dimensional map in the amount of tinkering, you discover a way opening the closest closed door, then 
empty space above it. You try to touch this to make the map zoom out, and there it finding a focus and attacking an 
projection with your other hand, but it just is: a blinking dot on a very recognizable adjacent enemy if there is one.
passes right through the light, blanking landscape. Shouldn’t be too hard to find.
out anything above it. Very strange 
indeed. Section Links

Rewards When door 2 is opened, read  
The map itself appears to be of some New Scenario: Furious Factory 109 131.5.
sort of ancient building that constructs 

 119.4 • A Growing Problem (124)

As you barely make your way through the malfunctioning after thousands of years? 1
narrowing passage, the sound of the ice What was the purpose of this machine? 
closing off your exit fills the air. You can Did its creators travel freely throughout 
hardly catch your breath when more of the time, and if so, where are they now? When 
former guardians of this place make their are they now?
presence known.

You’d love to ask these burning questions 
It seems that some unknown civilization of the guardians that stand before you, 
left guards to protect this area, and even but they seem rather intent on killing you 
death did not release them from their instead.
cause. Being dead, they also appear to be 
unaffected by the rapid acceleration of 
time. Section Links

When door 2 is opened, read  
Is the cause of the temporal fracture a 195.3.
machine of some sort? Why is it now 

2
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

119



 120.1 • Corrupted Camp (39)  120.2 • The Dancing Iceberg (131)

Special Rules It looks like there are more Lurkers on this wobbly plateau puts you in. They 
Reduce the Algox Guard’s current hit their way. Unfortunately, they seem to might try toppling the iceberg instead of 
point value to (L+X)x2 (if able), where have noticed just how precarious a position attacking you directly!
X is the number of damage tokens on 
door 1.

Special Rules
Spawn the following monsters at the listed locations based on character count:

1
Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

A and E: One normal A, C, and E: A, B, D, and E: 
Lurker Wavethrower. One normal Lurker One normal Lurker 

Wavethrower. Wavethrower

Section Links
At the start of the fifth round, read  

181.5.

 120.3 •  Retires

“My life was so small before I met you.” a boat, and met metal creations that move experience it!” You arrive at the main 
You walk with the Frozen Fist toward the of their own free will!” The Frozen Fist gate, and the Frozen Fist gives you a soft, 
main gate, all of their belongings packed shifts their pack, unable to contain their enveloping hug. 
up in a bag slung over their shoulder. excitement.  
“All I knew was just Algox and the  “Thank you, friend! Stay safe up here, and 
frozen wilderness. We fought each other, “And now you tell me that if I head don’t worry—I’ll be sure to write!”
squabbling over our tiny little corner of south through the Frozen Pass, there’s 
the world. an entirely different world waiting for 
 me to explore, full of deserts and rivers Section Links
“But then there was all of you! So many and swamps and cities! Now that I know Add 185.4 to the calendar in ten 
different peoples come together to work what’s out there—what’s possible—I weeks.
toward a common goal. And I traveled on simply don’t have a choice but to go 

 120.4 • Blizzard Island (48)  120.5 • Great Dallum

Conclusion There’s little time to consider another Something is off here. This description 
The blizzard will not relent. It pushes you option, and there is really no need. You of the Great Dallum, even accounting for 
in every direction, and the cold claws set out with this Algox only days ago, but mistaken observations, isn’t even close. 
at your lungs. There is no graceful way already she has proven herself. The trek This is an impostor! You raise the alarm 
to fight in a torrent, but you will not be will be rough, the mountain only grows and soon others in the crowd take notice. 
stopped. You plant your feet and cut down more steep, so you dig deep and push up The impostor’s handlers start exchanging 
the last enemy, its body bursting into through the freezing wind. nervous glances, and it doesn’t take 
frozen dust. long before the crowd turns into a mob, 

grabbing back the offerings and driving 
“It is near!” Denpang shouts. You can Rewards the charlatans out of town.
barely hear her over the wailing storm. Gain 10  each.  
“Look there!” She points up ahead and you Gain 2 collective . 
catch brief glimpses of switchbacks that  Rewards
lead farther up the mountain. “This storm New Scenario: Gain 2 morale.
is not natural. If we follow the path, we Sanctuary of Snow 57   
will find its source.” You quietly note her Do not resolve an outpost event this 
avoidance of the word “Render”. week.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
120



 121.1 • Automaton Uprising (59)  121.2 • Frozen Treasure (90)

The waves come and you strike them The doors to the final tower fall open. Just The last monster falls. You stand on the 
down. You heave yourselves up, muscles a little longer. ice, your breath steaming in the frigid air. 
drawn and wasted, pulling at the very You’ve had enough of your adventure on the 
dregs of your being, and you swing, ice floes—time to head back to Frosthaven 
dropping more and more machines. But Special Rules for a warm meal and a stiff drink.
still they come.  Open all doors 1.

The jolly boat returns, picking you up 
from the ice. You reach the ship, and climb 
gratefully aboard, your treasure clinking 
in a sack.

1 Rattusca appears from below decks, 
eyeing your haul. “Looks like things went 
well out there,” she laughs. “Time to split 
up the loot.”

Rewards
Gain 1  each. Each character 
gains 10 gold for each numbered 

07 token they looted.

Section Links

1 If you give Rattusca her share, read 
132.3 now.  

Otherwise, read 146.2 now.

 121.3 • Invasion of the Dock (71)

Conclusion to this area and to a piece of an artifact “Now that the Abaeli have one piece, I 
You get the spectacled stranger to safety, that I believe holds the power of an ancient fear they may now go after the others, 
but he seems more agitated than grateful. sea... umm, creature. Well, the Abaeli and let me tell you: you don’t want 
“They have taken it! All this precaution would call it a god, the Leviathan, but I them to get a hold of the Leviathan’s 
and planning for nothing. The sea vomits prefer to use more scientific terms. It was power either. This whole outpost would 
up a couple fish to take it like a lowly a gargantuan creature at the apex of the be...” Lihrey pantomimes a huge snake 
bunch of sand pirates. Doesn’t this frozen ocean ecosystem.” emerging from the ocean and crashing 
ice chunk of a town have a guard?” down on Frosthaven, complete with sound 

Lihrey adjusts his glasses. “Anyway, effects. “I’m close to the location of the 
He straightens his finely woven tunic and the limited history I have been able to second piece, but it will take some time to 
attempts to calm himself. “I’m... I’m sorry. uncover hints that the pieces of one of pinpoint it and organize an expedition.”
Yes, yes, thank you for your help, I would its scales—three in total—have been 
have surely met my end if it were not for separated and hidden away in this area. I 
you. My name is Lihrey, an artificer of the found one of the pieces out on an island Rewards
Storm Society, and I am appreciative of in the Biting Sea, but I, well, I may have Damage any one even building 
your assistance.” stirred something up in the Abaeli when I between 71 and 89. Gain 10  each.

did. They are now very keen on recovering 
Lihrey extends his hand in greeting the power of their Leviathan, and are very 
and you take it, noticing the Valrath is angry that someone else would be messing Section Links
adorned with various contraptions, and with it. Add to that the fact the Lurkers are Add 149.5 to the calendar in five 
his pockets are overflowing with strange keen on not letting the Abaeli get a hold of weeks. 
instruments and trinkets. “In all fairness, the power, and well, this is the end result.” 
I believe I may have attracted this aquatic He gestures around at the trashed office.
aggression. You see, my research led me 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
121