82.1 • Haunted Vault (17)  82.2 • Life and Death (61)

Conclusion As your strength wanes, the strength of Special Rules
It is no small feat to face down a room full your companion only seems to increase, as From now on, all monsters add  
of wraiths and live to tell about it, and yet if she is unaffected by whatever malaise +1  to all their attacks targeting 
here you stand, victorious. With the spirits grips you. As if she feeds off of it. With characters or character summons, and 
gone, you turn your attention to the next- every swing of her massive axe, she  Moonshard increases her attack value 
most pressing matter: treasure. grows stronger. to L+3. All characters and character 

summons still gain disadvantage on 
You pry open the chest without any all their attacks.
trouble, and inside you find a stockpile 
of treasure from an age long past—gold 
coins and rare baubles made from silver 3 Section Links
and brass. You raise your torch and survey When door 3 is opened, read 97.3.
the mound in glittering warm light, but 
as you do, you notice that just behind the 76
dais on which the chest sits stands another 
door. Much like the others, it’s covered 
in a complex iron mechanism; however, 
unlike the other doors, this one has been 
decorated with an intricately carved relief.

Rewards
Gain 2  each. 
 
New Scenario: 
Depths of Delirium 27

2

 82.3 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  82.4 • The Lurker Problem (78)

Special Rules Scenario Goal Confident you’re on the right track with 
If you are occupying tile 2-L and The scenario is complete when all the acquisition of the fishhook, you exit 
tile 2-J is unrevealed, read 194.1 revealed monsters are dead. At the end the alcove into the final cavern, a desolate 
instead. of that round, read 187.2. space filled with ankle-deep water. As per 

usual, you’re faced with a cast of Lurkers. 
They draw back at the sight of the 

You ram the wall with your shoulder, Special Rules weapon, then clatter forward, even more 
and it easily gives way into another room At the start of each round until the furious than before. With no instructions 
beyond. You see an exit ahead of you and a elite Lurker Soldier is dead, spawn one to dictate you this time, other than a 
pool of water to your right that could hold Lightning Eel at B. They are normal simple, “Stab Lurkers with hook.” You  
something. for two characters, elite each second fan out to meet them.

spawning for three characters, or elite 
for four characters.

9
7

6
B

3
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

82



 83.1 • A Contained Fire (89)

You enter a massive courtyard and You also spot two ridges overlooking this archers are already stationed. Terrific.
immediately notice a fantastically large grim scene. You reason that either would 
statue at its center. The impressiveness of make a great place to relocate and attack Just then, you hear a shout come from the 
the monument’s scale is matched only by from but, of course, that’s where Algox base of the statue.
its intricate, dismaying form: A gigantic, 
muscular figure of an Algox carved in 
ice stands triumphantly atop a stone pile 
of bodies rendered in obvious agony. 
Even through your shock at this artistic 
composition, you can’t help but notice the 
Algox guards patrolling the area. They’ve 
certainly noticed you.

Special Rules
Door 2 is locked.

All attacks performed by a figure 
occupying either tile 1-A or 1-G A B
targeting a figure occupying tile 10-D 
gain advantage. Conversely, attacks 
from tile 10-D to either tile 1-A or 1-G 2 C 1
gain disadvantage.

Altars A and B cannot be damaged 
at this time.

Section Links
When a character ends their turn 
adjacent to ice pillar C, read 36.1.

 83.2 • Upper Spire (24)

Seeing no other opportunity for floor. It was almost a pleasant experience, Section Links
advancement, you close your eyes and step but then you open your eyes. You have When all revealed enemies are dead 
into the red beam. For a moment, you feel definitely arrived somewhere new, and this and any character occupies a corridor 
weightless, and then gently your weight place is also swarming with demons and on tile 8-A, after applying any 
returns as your feet settle into a new machines. numbered effect, read 74.2.

Special Rules
Place any figure occupying a corridor 
on tile 15-D in any empty corridor hex 
on tile 8-A. From now on, whenever 
any figure enters a corridor hex on 
tile 15-D, after applying a numbered 
effect, place them in any empty 
corridor hex on tile 8-A (if able), and 
apply a numbered effect for it, as well. 
No figure can travel from tile 8-A to 
tile 15-D, and there is no line-of-sight 
or focus between rooms. Character 
summons on tile 15-D focus on the 
nearest empty corridor hex.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
83



 84.1 • To Bury the Dead (95)

The old hack-and-slash may be your bread Bring me back!” You may not be privy to Special Rules
and butter, but it’s a bit slow-going lugging the exact details, but she obviously won’t Open both doors 1.
around this coffin. Still, you press farther be going without a fight.
into the night, at least until a particular Spawn one elite Living Spirit adjacent 
chill gives you pause. At first, you think to sarcophagus A at an empty hex 
it’s your imagination, this sudden rush closest to a starting hex. This is the 
of wind and swirling shadows, but there Reluctant Ghost. It has (HxC)/2 hit 
hovers the ghost of Camilla, bent in agony points (rounded up) and a base move 
and now fully formed before you. value of 2. It focuses on moving 

toward and occupying the closest 
“I will not go! I will not go! I will not go!” starting hex, then finds a focus as 
There is a pain in her voice that sends normal and performs any other 
shivers down your spine. “Those worms! abilities as if it had no movement. 

If the Reluctant Ghost enters any 
starting hex, the scenario is lost.

Sarcophagus A cannot be relocated 
to door 2 until the Reluctant Ghost 
is dead.

2 1 1

 84.2 • Corrupted Camp (39)

Conclusion elder still walks with a swagger that you give us time to think. So then, let us see 
To survive through the war—to make it only see in hard veterans, those with many how much it has changed you.”
through the battle of the ice spire and then years of combat under their belt.
hike all the way here—is a gauntlet in Putargal steps to the side and gestures to 
itself. But then to be attacked by possessed “The Snowspeakers’ champions,” she says, the dark edge of the Radiant Forest.
members of your own tribe? Surely that is introducing herself as Putargal. Her voice 
enough to break anyone’s spirit. And yet, is strong despite her age. “When I saw you “Several of the possessed have escaped 
the Icespeakers are resilient. on the ridge, I thought perhaps you were into the forest, and we cannot simply wait 

coming to help finish us off.” here for them to regroup. Aid us in rooting 
Those who survived begin repairs, albeit out this scourge. Go into the woods, find 
slowly. Their expressions are glazed over. Some of the gathered Icespeakers grumble the source of their sickness, and remove 
Many of them are bloodied. Almost all of at this, but the elder continues. it. Then, perhaps, we can reconsider our 
the shelters were flattened during the fight; friendship.”
rebuilding them before nightfall will be a “I remember you from the spire: how hard 
daunting task. You lend a hand wherever you fought to break our line.” Her mouth 
you can, but your attention is pulled away cinches up at the memory. “And yet, your Rewards
when an elderly Icespeaker approaches. actions today speak differently.” Her Lose 1 inspiration. Gain  

expression changes, hardens in a different 2 additional loot cards each.
Her fur is zigzagged by gray scars and way, and you feel somehow unmasked.  
her left eye is pinched permanently shut, After a long moment she nods. “But war New Scenario: Carrion Ridge 47
the skin around it waxy and pink. But the changes us, doesn’t it? And long nights 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
84



 85.1 • Old Coin  85.2 • Living Glacier (45)

You feel the thrill as you pick up a gold Fish-men make terrible sounds when Special Rules
coin with a hole clear through the middle, they die. They gurgle and flop onto the The ice pillar has 2xCx(L+2) hit 
identical to the ones you’ve been searching ground like choked geese, and their bodies points. It is an enemy to you and an 
for. Unfortunately, closer inspection leak water and blood in equal parts. You ally to all monsters. When the ice 
reveals this gold coin wasn’t minted cleave a path through the amphibious pillar is destroyed, the ancient  
with the hole: it’s the victim of an arrow- beings, cutting them and their allies down, ice is retrieved.
puncture—you’ll need to keep searching marching over the beach until eventually 
for the ancient coins Dinah from the you arrive at the foot of a wall.
tavern is looking for. Section Links

The Living Glacier, like any other When the ancient ice is retrieved,  
valuable thing, is well-defended. Someone read 39.2.

Rewards surrounded it with a tall labyrinth of 
The looting character gains X gold, crooked ice, which you’ll have to navigate 
where X is how much gold one in order to claim your prize. You hear more 
money token is worth at L+1. of the fish-men barking from inside, waiting 

for you to enter and take a wrong turn.

 85.3 • Relic (79)

15

A

A

A

E

F

1

 85.4 • Dead Pass (46)

Conclusion carrying with it the possibility of peace. Your remaining task is clear. You must 
They batter you, these undead things. In fact, you even begin to feel a swell of take the New Snow along with the shard 
They throw fists and wings and blackened courage, and without knowing why, you’ve of Ancient Ice back to the sacred clearing. 
bodies, unbidden by their own need for begun to smile. There you can combine them and hear this 
survival as they try to break you and song that the Algox elder speaks of.
corrupt the New Snow. But they are too “It sings to you,” the Snowspeaker says. 
slow. The white powder accumulates on She’s grinning at something in your 
the ground, and before any of the infernal expression. You try to play it off as a Rewards
creatures can touch it, you sweep it into a passing thought, wiping the smile off Gain 1 morale.  Gain 10  each.
jar and sprint back the way you came. your face, but you can still feel the steady 

energy coming from the snow, and you If Living Glacier 45  is complete:
The hike back is hard. The trail is no know Gurndel is right. She doesn’t seem to 
easier for having defeated so many of the mind your aloofness. “Soon it will sing to New Scenario: 
creatures, but the snow gives you some all of us,” she says, “and then our children Fleeting Permanence 52
solace. It’s tucked safely inside your pack, will live without fear.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
85



 86.1 • Protect the Pass  86.2 • Explosive Descent (50)

The Crater is as lively as you’ve seen it all He raises his hand, cutting off the Conclusion
season. You signal for a drink as you push expected suggestion. “Diplomacy isn’t You’ll give the Lurkers credit: they’ve 
through the customers and make your way an option, I’m afraid,” the tinkerer sighs, fought as hard as anyone could hope, but 
to a table at the back, where the Quatryl “The Algox who are attacking belong to a there was nothing that could have stopped 
tinkerer Pinter Droman fiddles with a group of bandits—the Horns of Ruin, they this.
small spherical gadget, deep in thought. call themselves—and they are exclusively 
You sit down, interrupting his trance. interested in destroying and looting our You wait until it is inevitable— until there 

hard work.” is nothing the Lurkers can do to stop the 
“OH! Hello again, thank you for coming! device from reaching its target, and then 
VERY exciting news to share!” The “There’s a big attack coming, and the you turn and slam open the throttle. Your 
boisterous Quatryl tears his focus from project is in a very vulnerable state. I bathysphere shakes violently, and the 
the trinket. “We are on the next phase of need you to go protect the pylons we’ve engine screams as you count to five and 
our little shortcut through the mountains. installed. If you can stop them, it might then press the detonator. Soon after, the 
A big portion of the path needs to pass buy us enough time to get the whole shockwave hits.
under a dangerous overhanging cliff. The structure pieced together. Once that 
work crew is already installing pylons to happens, it will be nearly impossible to It is a bizarre feeling, having your brain 
support the cliff and hold back the rock destroy! so overwhelmed with the desire to find the 
wall, but...” he hesitates. “It seems our shards that you almost pass out. But you 
path inadvertently cuts too close to Algox hold on to your consciousness and then 
territory, and they’re not taking kindly to Rewards turn around to collect what you came for.
our construction project.” New Scenario: Pylon Problems 115

Navigating back to the Lurker settlement, 
you pass the Lurkers that were chasing 
you, now blasted into unconsciousness. 
The seafloor at the epicenter swept with 

 86.3 • Relic Renewed (80) debris: coral structures knocked clean 
over; great boulders cracked and strewn 

Conclusion You confirm the Relic is destroyed and about like pebbles, and you can feel the 
The Relic shatters into uncountable cogs she gives you a quick, pained smile then shard pulling you toward it. Underneath 
and gears, which go bouncing off through punches you in the arm. “Okay, one more this carnage lies your quarry.
the cave, and the helper robots all scatter. crisis averted,” she mumbles as she turns 

to walk back to her longhouse. “I’m going 
You return to the outpost and are greeted back to bed.” Rewards
by Mayor Satha, dressed in a haphazard Lose 2 inspiration. Gain 4 collective 
assortment of warm clothing and rubbing  and 4 collective . 
her temples. “I’m not sure what happened, Rewards  
but I have a feeling it was you that ended Gain 2 collective , 2 collective , New Scenario:
it. Thanks for removing the voice of that and 2 collective . Gain 2 morale. Among the Wreckage 54   
cube from the back of my skull.”

 86.4 • Top of the Spire (34)

Conclusion Then the demon cracks. Its body, too It’s impossible to know what cataclysm 
The great beam of energy flickers. It brittle and ancient to dissolve into liquid, you prevented today, and you doubt 
flashes yellow—blue—orange—and then  breaks apart and slowly disintegrates into anyone will believe the story when you 
goes out. the air, a cloud of sooty, prismatic smoke tell it, but you know that the north, this 

drifting out into the tundra. windblown, spine-backed wilderness—is 
The demon lies beneath you. Its tendrils safer now.
are clenched tight, knotted in pain, The energy beam sputters and sinks down, 
but still its eyes watch. Even now the and finally, the spire is quiet. Curiously, 
creature burns with scorn. It shakes. A in this new calm, you notice a pink piece Rewards
noise breaks from it like glass and metal of material—coral perhaps—lying in the Gain “Coral Shard” campaign 
rubbing together—a howl, a curse on you remains of the demon at about the point sticker.
and this world and the power it nearly where the beam met its chest. You feel a 
grasped. strong connection to it and take it with you 

as you leave. 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
86



Locked Down
 87.1 • And Then, a Stream  (130)  87.2 • Belara’s Keep (135)

You are just starting to think you might Working together in both planes, you Section Links
survive this encounter when more manage to work out how to open the The first time both pressure plates F 
monsters appear from the shadows. You’ll first set of doors, but you see another set are occupied by characters, read  
need to quickly gather up what you still blocking your path ahead, along with 195.1.
can and make a break for it. many more monsters.

Special Rules Special Rules
Spawn a total of C normal Lightning Open both doors 1. Hexes D and 
Eels as evenly as possible at any B E are also convergence points.
and C. Then spawn C/2 normal 2 F
Frozen Corpses (rounded up) at any Both doors 2 are locked.
A and C/2 normal Shrike Fiends 
(rounded down) at E.

2

F E
 87.3 • A Grand View (94)

3 E D

D

29

1 1

 87.4 • Puzzle Solution

Crain finally has his very own workshop. more practical than one suspended inside as stable as possible. The gyroscope will 
It was built entirely to his specifications: an orb. help to a certain degree, but if Frosthaven 
an L-shaped cabin with a high-peaked roof comes under attack while I’m performing 
and courtyard paved with perfectly joined “If everything goes well,” he begins the charge.” Crain turns and makes a 
flagstones. The outside is coated in a thick ominously, “We definitely won’t be bursting sound with his mouth, flowering 
layer of flame retardant of the scholar’s blowing up half the outpost.” You look at his hands. “Not good.”
creation. It’s truly impressive, and you him with alarm.
head inside to compliment the architect. You offer that Frosthaven is fairly safe 
Crain is just where you expected him: “The device I’ll be constructing contains these days. After all, you resolved the 
already at work, preparing the scaffolding an incredibly powerful core that has the situations with both the Unfettered and 
for his next invention. power to incinerate everything in a half- the Algox.

mile radius. Once the core is in place, it 
“Hero,” he calls, hearing your boots clomp won’t be dangerous at all. But while it’s “Yes, but those crabs—the Lurkers, right? 
over the wooden floor. “Come look at the being built, I’ll have to hand-charge it Weren’t they all in a frenzy over building 
fruit of our labor.” with dark energy. If I do it incorrectly, the some crown? I can’t risk anything. Try to 

polarity will reverse, which will trigger a fix that fracture, and then I’ll attempt the 
The fruit is a wood and steel workstation very rapid expansion.” construction.”
suspended inside of several metal rings, 
set up to form a skeletal orb. Just behind You wonder aloud whether Mayor Satha is 
it sits an energy container, glowing aware of the risk. Rewards
darkly with its shifting inky light. You Turn to the next page in the puzzle 
complement the structure but wonder “Sure,” he says, “in a general sense. The book.
aloud if a standard workbench wouldn’t be point is, I’ll need to ensure everything is 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
87



 88.1 • Orphan’s Core (58)

Conclusion begin to extinguish themselves, a shroud Unfettered in here. The Orphan and all its 
Metal scrapes against metal. Broken glass of darkness falling over the room as you great works will stay silent within. The 
cracks against the steel walkway. The witness the Unfettered’s extinction by immense stone doors will mark this place 
Orphan lies ruined beneath you, its frail proxy. for what it is, a grave. The Unfettered will 
body opened wide. It does not breathe, sleep, now and forever. Or, at least, you 
though the light behind its face swells and Finally the only light in the room is the hope they will.
dims in an ever-weakening pulse. fading blue glow of the Orphan’s mask, 

hanging on just long enough to make one 
In its retreat the Orphan drew you into a last proclamation: “We die, but we do not… Rewards
new chamber behind the central room, yield.” Gain 1 morale.  
and now that the fight is over, the sheer Gain “Key Card” 246 . 
strangeness of it dawns on you. Blinking You’re not certain how long you stand Gain 3 collective , 
lights, wire, and pipes line every wall—a there. Time seems of little importance now. 3 collective , and 3 collective 
small forest of geometric towers loom The Orphan’s final curse hangs in the air, . Unlock  class box. Gain 
around you. It is nothing less than a marvel. taunting you for your choices. But what else “Unfettered Deactivated” campaign 
A wonder, no doubt, but for what purpose could have been done? You ask yourself sticker. Remove all  events from 
you cannot fathom. this question but get only silence in return. all outpost event decks.

“You will never,” the Orphan cracks. Your exit from the Unfettered complex Add events WO-64 and WO-65 to 
Its voice is little more than a drowned takes longer than you’d like. The halls are the winter outpost deck.
whisper. “You will never rule us again. dark now. The machines that marched 
The Unfettered... I take them from you. through them for so long now sit empty, Add one  card to the town  
Forever ruined.” With this, the Orphan waiting for the dust to cover them in a guard deck.
opens a panel near its broken body and shroud. You step carefully, saying nothing.
enters a short code onto some sort of Locked Out Scenario: 
panel. Immediately, the thousands of When you reach the final door you give Automaton Uprising 59
lights on the towers around the chamber a moment of pause. You will seal the 

 88.2 • Time for an Answer  88.3 • Upper Spire (24)

“Hello playthings. Welcome back. I’ve Conclusion beam, guarding your eyes. A voice calls 
redecorated.” The demon prince is sitting The final demon dies like ice thrown into from above.
casually on a throne made of ash. Glowing a weak fire. It sizzles and pops, and then 
sigils dot the walls of Tarro’s former melts away, its body dissolving into a “Silly things,” it says, deriding you with 
cabin, and a chandelier made of pure wet, oily stain on the ground. When it’s an erratic, fluctuating tone. “Silly mortal 
flame swings gently across the ceiling. gone, you are left standing in the smallest things. Reveling in tiny victories, small 
“I thought this could make a nice base of chamber yet, filled with lifeless machines delays, as though I haven’t got time. I will 
operations for my attack on your little city. and the ever-present pillar of light. see you soon, little puppets.”
Or have you discovered Tarro’s killer?”

There is a way forward at least: a set The beam settles down for a moment but 
of iron stairs lead up to what must be then rises once again, swelling to such a 

Section Links the top of this spire. But you take a few wild intensity that the entire spire begins 
If you tell the demon prince Allya did moments to rest before continuing on. to shake. Whatever is up there is anything 
it, read 188.4 now. All this demon fighting and teleporting but frightened of you, but you remember 

is exhausting work, and you’re looking the first demon’s warning. You don’t 
If you tell the demon prince Barno did forward to a nice drink on solid ground. know how long you have, but if the thing 
it, read 63.2 now. But the spire has other plans. at the top of the spire finishes its task, 

Frosthaven could be doomed. You had 
If you tell the demon prince Cecil did In the midst of your reprieve, the red better prepare for a real fight.
it, read 180.2 now. beam suddenly brightens and courses 

upward faster than before. It moves so 
If you admit you’re not sure who did fast, in fact, that it shakes the floor and Rewards
it, read 111.1 now. lets loose splinters of stray energy. As this Gain one random item blueprint.

happens, the humming noise that you’d  
grown so used to rises as well, becoming a New Scenario:
thunderous roar. You back away from the Top of the Spire 34  

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
88



 89.1 • A Strong Foundation (65)  89.2 • Library Upgraded

You finally get a glimpse of the elemental your intentions of clearing the area of its You walk through the crowded library 
array – a mechanical construct is encased influence, it begins draining the ancient past a sea of patrons from all walks of 
in solid ice. Next to it, a wraith-like device with even more fervor. If you do life perusing the bookshelves. Eddica the 
creature feeds off its energy. When it not deal with it quickly, it will destroy the librarian has done an incredible job of 
becomes aware of your presence and thing you came for. educating the populace of Frosthaven. You 

have a suspicion there are still plenty of 
patrons here for a chance to see the pretty 

Special Rules Valrath rather than a love of learning, 
Open the other door 2. one source of damage to the elemental but you can’t argue with the results. She 

anchor. If the elemental anchor is catches your eye and you follow her into 
The elemental anchor A has 2xCx(L+1) destroyed, the scenario is lost. the cramped back-office.
hit points. It is an ally to you and an 
enemy to all monsters. Any character The Ice Wraith is the Rimeheart. It has The room feels even more claustrophobic 
may lose one card from their hand or 3+Hx(C/2) hit points (rounded down) than last time. The books have spilled out 
two from their discard pile to negate and is immune to  and . off the shelves and across the floor, and 

the candle-wax burned down in various 
sconces suggests Eddica has been taking 
her latest research seriously. She’s about to 
speak when she holds up a finger, making 
a final check against a scroll.

“Right, okay. Thank you for coming. I 
think it’s about time I shared my research 

2 on the final tome.” She pauses, barely able 
to contain herself. After a moment she 
looks frustrated. “Oh, come on! Time? 
It’s about time? The Tome of Time. It’s a 
pun!” She grumbles, stamping her foot. 

A “Nevermind.”

Eddica shares a crude map of where the 
39 tome is located, and you promise to seek it 

out next time you’re in the area.
2

Rewards
Add event WR-47 to the winter 
road deck and event SR-49 to the 
summer road deck.

 89.3 •  Returns

You are wandering the streets, convinced seen the Boneshaper in several weeks, somewhere nearby emanates a strange 
the day will be a quiet one, when it’s but they continue somewhat breathlessly, energy. And it tastes deliciously 
suddenly decidedly not: a crack rends the “Yet you recall how I am seeking energy necromantic.” They grin wolfishly. “How 
air, violent neon energy briefly blinding from new planes, in order to retain my would you like to join me on a little jaunt?” 
you. Once it fades, you see a familiar power? Well, it seems my journey has They grab your wrist, but at your dubious 
Aesther, the Boneshaper, in front of already concluded! I felt something near expression, heave a sigh. “Very well. We’ll 
you. Their expression is arch, their arms Frosthaven pulling me back. It is the same travel the tedious way: on foot.”
unfolding out of an interdimensional travel sensation as when a piece of chaos gets 
pose. stuck in your eye, do you know it?”

Rewards
“I do realize I bid you goodbye mere When you shake your head, the New Scenario:
moments ago,” they say. You open your Boneshaper waves a hand dismissively. Lurker Necromancy 118
mouth to refute this, since you haven’t “Nevermind. The salient point is this: 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
89



 90.1 • Flotsam (73)  90.2 • Fleeting Permanence (52)

Conclusion Conclusion The emissaries approach the shard with 
“Excellent!” The Fish King gurgles with The ritual and the battle, you find, are reverence and take hold of it together. 
pleasure. “Together we shall secure this one and the same. Following the elder’s Their bodies lighten as if years are being 
final piece of the scale and once again instructions, you dispatch the demons lifted away. Gurndel gasps. Barduu the 
bring balance to the oceans. Get the with speed and then arrange the dead into Icespeaker, overtaken by the force, holds 
location from your unconscious friend a wide, sprawling glyph. As soon as it’s out the shard as if she’s never seen ice 
there and then deliver it to me. I will be complete, the expanse around you begins before.
watching.” to change. The wind, which had been 

blowing since you first entered, slows to a “If these are the words of the creator, what 
The Fish King submerges out of sight, and breeze and a soft ringing rises on the air. have we been listening to all this time?” 
you return to Lihrey, rowing the boat as She laments. “We must show this to our 
quickly as you can back to Frosthaven. The Algox elders step toward the edge people. There is no other path.”
Luckily, you get him to a healer in time, of the glyph. They offer up their relics: 
but he’s in quite terrible shape. He’ll need the shard of Ancient Ice and the New The elders pray, holding the shard between 
to spend some time convalescing before Snow both rising up from their hands and them and then, after a long while, they 
he can help in retrieving the final piece of drifting into the center of the circle. There, depart the circle and look to you.
the scale. the two objects orbit each other, spinning 

faster and faster as the ringing rises “We will return to Snowscorn,” Gurndel 
into a piercing scream. A flash of light says. “The shard has given us the power 

Special Rules erupts from the center of the circle, and to end the war. We must embed it into 
The scenario is complete. everything stops. the Heart of Ice to remove the darkness 

that engulfs our people and return them 
And there it is, hovering—the Unyielding to the light of Geryuu. But they will not 

Rewards Shard. It’s as pure a thing as you’ve ever welcome us.”
Gain 3 collective . Gain “Friend seen: a piece of ice, smooth on top and sharp 
of the Fish King” campaign sticker. on the bottom like an inverted teardrop, and 

suspended inside it are a number of glowing Rewards
golden shapes—glyphs—linked together Gain 1 morale and 1 inspiration. 

Section Links into a long scrawling chain. These are the  
Add 146.1 to the calendar in five true words of Geryuu meant to banish the New Scenario: Change of Heart 55
weeks. corruption that darkens the hearts of the 

warring Algox.

 90.3 • Derelict Elevator (16)  90.4 • Call of the Harbinger (56)

Bullets ricochet off the walls. You do The beast’s power is waning. You can 
your best to avoid them while trying to see it plainly. The aura of shadow around 
disarm the security system, but being it here in the physical realm is lessened 
on an elevator isn’t making it any easier. by the destruction of the altars. You can 
The platform continues to descend as you almost make out it’s true shape, which is 
fight, and now a shower of pebbles and equal parts encouraging and terrifying. 
dirt has begun to fall from overhead. The You push into the final chamber and 
rain of debris seems relegated to only one prepare to destroy this last altar.
section of the lift, but you don’t know for 
how long.

Special Rules

Special Rules The altar on tile 4-A cannot be 
reduced below 1 hit point until all 

Pebbles rain down at each A. This characters occupy tile 4-A.
has no effect yet.

2
Section Links

Section Links When the new altar is destroyed,  
At the start of the fourth round,  read 69.3.  
read 27.2. Return to 66.3 to reference its 

Section Links, if necessary.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
90



 91.1 • The Lurker Problem (78)  91.2 • Crystal Fields (18)

The boulder-concealed entrance leads to a Something moves. A shape darts between Now there are four of them, and they’re 
high-ceilinged alcove, a space dominated the spikes. You spin and try to track it, but both heading your way.
by the largest Lurker you’ve ever seen. the shape is fast and hard to make out: a 
Fortunately, this one appears to be a basalt mound of snow shifting some thirty feet 
statue, carved straight out of the cave away. It turns and speeds directly toward Special Rules
minerals. You ponder on the difficulty you. There is no time to think; you act on Spawn two Burrowing Blades at A. 
of its conception and the origins of this instinct and jump out of the way a fraction These are normal for two or three 
place. More immediately relevant than art of a second before two wicked blades characters, or elite for four characters.
history, however, is what the statue holds shoot up and shred the air where you 
in its claws: a weapon, delicately wrought, were just standing. The mound zips away 
yet strong and heavy. The twist of metal through the conduits and turns back for Section Links
appears to be a giant fishhook, covered in another pass—but this time it’s not alone. When door 2 is opened, read 54.1.
an anti-rust coating.

Section Links
When door 6 is opened, read  

82.4.

1

6
13

2
A

 91.3 • Corrupted Camp (39)  91.4 • Job Posting

Special Rules A knock at your longhouse reveals a guard “She didn’t have a face, just pits where 
Reduce the Algox Scout’s current hit you recognize from the battlements, hat in her eyes could’ve been, and this trickle of 
point value to (L+X)x2 (if able), where hand. You invite him in to get out of the blood ran out of them.” He shudders. “She 
X is the number of damage tokens on cold night air. floated right up, tapped my forehead, and 
door 4. was gone.”

“I’m not sure where else to turn. My wife 
is expecting. But the baby hasn’t arrived “I told the other guards, but they didn’t 
yet, and… and I think I know why.” The believe me. But I can feel it. She cursed 

4 guard looks fragile without his armor. me. And my wife and my child are going 
With a hitch in his voice he mumbles, “Do to pay the price.” He pulls out a satchel 
you believe in being cursed?” of gold coins. “I don’t have much, but I’ll 

41 give you all I have to lift this curse and 
A sigh heaves through his chest. “I was at save my family before it’s too late.”
my post in the guard tower last month and 
I looked out into the forest. There was a 
woman out there... I could barely make her Rewards
out against the snow. Transparent, dressed New Scenario:  
all in white, looked almost like a ghostly The Lady in White 86
Aesther, if you’d believe that.” He grips 
his hat tightly, refusing to look at you. 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
91



 92.1 • Sanctuary of Snow (57)

Conclusion The new island is certainly rougher than You watch Denpang’s face in the fire light, 
Slowly, the wind dies to a trickle. The the southern hills, but the Algox make and you see something new in her eyes. 
great walls of blustering snow dissipate quick work of settling in. Their snowy She is smiling, as she always is, but there 
into nothingness. The Render seizes shelters go up that first night, and a is doubt hidden behind that grin, a worry 
once, its great muscles trying to keep it day later, they discover a cave network that you recognize all too well. It is the 
alive, but they fail, and the creature falls and outfit it like the tunnels inside of doubt that all beings in the north share: 
backward, its terrible weight crashing Snowscorn mountain. The Algox separate the uncertainty that you’ll make it through 
deep into the snow. to perform their individual roles. Scouts tomorrow.

are sent out to survey the rest of the island, 
Finally, the battle is over. You march to while hunters gather food, and Denpang, For a long while, none of you speak. You 
the highest point of the peak and look out appointed as the new chieftain of the simply stare into the fire, watching as 
at what you’ve won—at the Snowspeakers’ Snowspeakers, helps to organize and direct thick flakes of snow fall onto the coals  
new home. An island spreads far into the their efforts. On the final night of your and sizzle.
distance: a great curve of snow-topped stay, just as a new, gentle snow has begun 
pine, frosted hills, towering sea-battered to fall, the chief manages to break away 
cliffs, and the silhouettes of yet another from her work to join you by your fire. Rewards
mountain range many miles away. It is Gain 1 morale and 1 inspiration. 
a northern bastion, an island that would “We have overcome much, my friends. But Unlock  class box. Gain “Friend of 
certainly inspire tales of a paradise lost. so have you.” She reaches into her shawl the Snowspeakers” campaign sticker.

and pulls out a small necklace of carved 
You turn to Denpang who, despite the stone beads. “Take this. It is no great Add event WO-68 to the winter 
great trials she has faced, looks as treasure but it is the greatest thing that I outpost deck.
refreshed and energetic as ever. Her smile can give.”
is wide, her cheeks rising so high that her Add one  card to the town 
eyes pinch tight. You take the necklace. It emits a pleasant guard deck.

coolness.“Our lives will not be easy. But at 
“We made it. We finally made it.” least now we have a home.”

 92.2 •  Retires  92.3 • The Lurker Problem (78)

“I feel I’ve reached my current potential.” Your quest-giver lies at your feet. This isn’t Section Links
You are sitting with the Infuser at The typically how things go. You suppose you When door 5 is opened, read  
Crater, discussing the future. “I still feel could leave, yet there must be something 133.5.
like there is room to grow, but I’m not valuable here. Perhaps something the 
learning anything new by just fighting the Lurkers were guarding, and which the 
same old monsters over and over. I think I Abaeli were after.
need to return to the library.” 5
 You find a passage which, given its 
You nod and drink your ale. The Infuser’s difficulty to squeeze through, seems 
drink remains untouched. “There’s just so promising. Yet it deposits you in another 
much more knowledge out there, I know cavern, this one glowing with hanging 
it. I’m glad I could be of some use for a moss and already occupied. A scene of 
while, but I’ve got to think about my own carnage: more Lurkers and Abaeli. The 
journey, and it is one of knowledge.” Abaeli are likely winning this one, deftly 
 ducking claws to spear their enemies. 
The Infuser stands and gives you an Near where you stand one of them turns, 
uncomfortable, slightly spiky hug. shocked at your entrance. You have them 
“Thanks for understanding. I’m sure I’ll flanked now.
see you around!”

Confused, some of the Abaeli reorient 
to attack you while the Lurkers regroup. 

Section Links Looks like it’s your call how this plays out.
Add 42.2 to the calendar in six 
weeks

4
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

92



 93.1 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  93.2 • Vermling Siege

The cave gives way to open air, but the Select any six cards, in addition to 
Imperials rise steep in all directions— your  and  cards, from the 
no exit here. Just another set of stairs, H town guard deck to take with you in 
snowdrifts, and… are those tracks the rowboat. Use only the eight cards 
nearby? F you selected in the following attack.

You pull up on the icy shore under cover 
Special Rules 4 of night and quickly make your way into 
Stairs 5 and H are linked. the woods. The Vermling extortionists 

6 have set up camp for the night and their 
confidence means no watch has been set—
you pounce on them in a fury.  

 93.3 • Summit Meeting (28) 75  3
Conclusion Wood, Mar’ogh. With it lies true wisdom. No buildings are damaged during 

The sounds of battle surge as you sprint Without it, we will not see ourselves past this attack. Instead, for each target 
down the tunnel—bloody roars, flesh this war. We must head for the woods and that is unsuccessfully defended, lose 
slamming against flesh, wooden staves find the sacred clearing.” 1 soldier. If you fail two or more, 
cracking bone. The fight will be gruesome, wreck four buildings randomly by 
you already know, but all you can do is Barduu agrees, though she does so drawing from the building deck.
run. reluctantly. The woods lie to the east, but 

the trek is a dangerous one. The elders The deed is done. Most of the Vermlings 
The Algox emissaries, though bloodied are already worn from their escape; they scattered at the first signs of combat, 
by the fight, keep pace with you, and you can’t make the trip by themselves. Night is fleeing back into whatever burrows they 
all manage to escape from the cave in one falling, and a deep howl echoes from the came from. The next morning the cleanup 
piece. mountain. They look to you. crew can’t locate the leader with the orange 

feathers among the fallen, but you rest 
Only after putting a great distance assured they won’t consider Frosthaven 
between yourselves and the mountain do Rewards such an easy target in the future. 
you stop to look back. Lose 1 morale. 

 
Gurndel speaks in a low, grave tone. New Scenario: The Way Forward 38 Rewards

Gain 4 collective .
“Words alone will not end this,” she Locked Out Scenarios:  
says. “We must show our people that War of the Spire A 29 , Do not resolve an outpost event this 
we all have the same blood. And to do War of the Spire B 30 week.
that, we seek the Oracle in the Whitefire 

 93.4 • Glowing Catacombs (9)

Conclusion and this ring holds six smaller circular You look closer and see a number of symbols 
The final switch slides shut with a thunk and plates at even intervals. You reach out etched in the wall along the circumference 
the room becomes suddenly still. The breeze and touch one of the pieces and find it of the device. Starting from the top and 
stops all at once and so too do the oozes. strangely cold compared to the warmth of going clockwise, you see a skull, a scarab, a 
What few remained slink back to their the room. You press harder and a pained triangle, a moon, a star, and an anchor. They 
crevices, leaving behind splashed puddles creaking echoes throughout the room, one must mean something, but, as much as it 
and their thin, acrid smell. For a moment of the plates giving an unwilling turn. You pains you to admit, without further context, 
nothing else moves but your heaving chest press harder still, and discover the entire you won’t be able to solve this mystery today.
and the greenness, thrumming in the dark. rings spins as well. You spend a great deal 
Time now for the door. of time doing this, turning the ring and the 

plates into different positions, but, beyond Rewards
Whoever made the thing certainly put a making a fair deal of noise, the door Gain 2 collective .
great deal of effort into the task. A large refuses to budge.
ring is affixed to the center of the door, 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
93



 94.1 • Living Glacier (45)

Conclusion into the waves. In a matter of minutes, the you notice a gentle light emanating from 
By the time you reach the ship, the crew is threat of pursuit vanishes. within. It’s a bit stronger than a candle, 
already working at the ropes while the last and it rises and falls in a steady rhythm. 
of the enemies are thrown over the side. A calm settles again and once things are If you didn’t know any better, you might 
The mooring lines, however, are frozen secure, you head below deck to confer think it was breathing.
over and, try as they might, the crew can’t with the emissary. You find her much as 
undo the knots. Another wave of fish-men you expected, sitting in her cabin with the Whatever the case, it’s one half of your 
is beginning to descend from the island shard in front of her, marveling at it. task done. All that’s left now is to combine 
and they’ll soon be upon you. There is it with the New Snow and then, maybe, the 
no time for this. You take control of the “Already I can feel the strength that has Algox can live in peace.
situation and shout for the lines to be cut. been lost to us,” Barduu says. There is a 
Blades come out and hack through the certain flare of optimism brightening her 
rope. The ship lurches violently out into voice. Rewards
the waves, and the fish-men howl at you in Gain 1 morale. Gain 1  each. 
frustration. You consider the shard as well. It is a  

long, smooth sliver, bluish in color and If Dead Pass 46  is complete:  
Barduu secures the shard below deck shaped not unlike the end of a spear. In the New Scenario:  
while you supervise the crew. Out come rush of the fight and your harried escape, Fleeting Permanence 52
the sails and the pilot turns the ship hard you didn’t have much time to consider 
to the south, pointing the bow directly the thing, but now that you look at it, 

 94.2 • Beneath Sea and Stone (49)

The passage you’ve chosen breaks loose 
and the debris falls in a slow avalanche. 
The monsters are furious. They lash your 
ships with heavy blows and scrape at the 
glass with claws and teeth.

You fight them off as best you can, trying A 1
to keep calm and conserve your air supply, 
but there are so many of them.

You peer through the gap you’ve just 
opened. It’s tight. You have no idea if it 
will lead you out of this place, but your 
options are drawing thin. You turn away 
from the rising swell of enemies and 
launch yourselves into the tunnel. A 2

Section Links 2
When any door 2 is opened,  
read 16.3.

 94.3 • Deadly Pastimes (85)  94.4 • Sneak Past the Lurkers

You swat away the flies and examine the No matter how dangerous this army, you Rewards
corpse. There’s not a whole lot of meat left share Sun in Shallows’ feelings of despair Place map overlay sticker Z on the 
on the bones, but horns make clear this is a at this outcome. You tell Droman to hold map in location Z (F2).
Valrath, not a human. off. Maybe you can find another way 

through the army. New Scenario: 
Beneath Sea and Stone 49

Do not resolve an outpost  
event this week.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
94



 95.1 • Depths of Delirium (27)  95.2 • My Private Empire (107)

Special Rules “Well done, well DONE! This is splendid. my events! Now, please take a moment for 
Do not set up altar A for two or three None would attend my dances down refreshments, courtesy of my stewards.”
characters. South. I was not of the proper lineage, they 

said. BAH! I am self-made royalty! House 
Ventillion. They should be lucky to attend Section Links

When the second episode is overcome, 
read 188.1. 

Special Rules
The second episode is overcome when 
all revealed enemies are dead. 2

1
A

 95.3 • Invasion of the Dock (71) B
Special Rules
From now on, on initiative 99 each 
round, the artificer C performs  

  2;  1, self, focusing on moving 
toward and occupying either G.

Section Links
Return to 111.2 to reference its 
special rules, if necessary. 1

 95.4 • Aesther Outpost  95.5 • Sunless Trench (42)

A stellar mist flows into your longhouse, Conclusion contrast to the blackness below, and 
and you hear Voice-of-Eight once again in Clearly your intuition needs some fine- when you finally break into open air, the 
your mind. tuning. After running into a number of dim sunlight radiates through the cabin, 

dead ends, you’ve only now managed melting away everything else. You engage 
“Most valued allies, we have succeeded in to pick the right path to your treasure. the leather flotation bladders and take a 
locating the elemental cores. Your aid is of The shard lies on a small stone ledge, long, well-earned breath.
great importance to us. Please meet us at buried under a thick layer of rubble. 
the elemental array.” The mist shimmers The bathysphere arms aren’t the best 
and dissipates. for excavation work, but you manage Rewards

to pull the piece free and get it into the Gain 2  each. Gain “Coral Shard” 
You grab your pack and chuckle at hold before the inhabitants of this place campaign sticker.
the formality of the request. You can’t overwhelm you.
remember the last time you heard Add event B-16 to the boat deck.
someone used the word “please” in this With that done, you turn skyward and 
Oak-forsaken place. launch yourselves back out of the void. 

You drop the throttle once you’re clear of Section Links
the trench, rising at a slower pace to avoid Add 114.2 to calendar in three 

Rewards something Pinter excitedly referred to as weeks.
New Scenario: Elemental Cores 66 “explosive decompression.” The surface 

light blooms gradually. It’s a peaceful 
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

95



 96.1 • Frozen Fjord (13)  96.2 • Radiant Dust (119)

Conclusion Exploring further, you encounter a 
Feather and flesh coat the ivory bridge, but frozen creek which reflects the sun more 
the fiends are gone, their wasted bodies than a sheen of ice should. The Infuser 
fallen into the crashing waters below. starts forward, and you don’t manage 
The birds that remain caw furiously and to pull them back this time. They have 
retreat westward toward a far-distant line already alerted the monsters around 
of trees. The air grows silent except for the creek. Among more spitting drakes 
the steady tide, and you give yourselves a and burrowing blades, you spot some 
moment to think. newcomers to the powder buffet: a vortex 

of dark birds expands and blots out the 
The northern coast is a madness unique to sky. 2
itself. That such strange things could exist 
up here at the end of the world stretches The Infuser is standing in their midst, 
your minds to the limits of wonder. What studying the ice. “The patterns in the 
more awaits you beyond these bone current,” they say excitedly, “indicate the 
bridges, if these are only the outermost source isn’t far upriver. We’ll go, and—
ridges of the place? what’s that? Ah yes, these adversaries.” 

With a wearisome glance at a charging 
You cross the fjords and see that the coast drake, they unsheathe their claymore. You 
bends to the north. You can continue rush in to help.
following it, hoping to reach wherever the 
shard of coral is leading you 21 . Or—you 
look back at the western forest—or you Special Rules
could make a small detour and see what The Infuser now focuses on moving 
oddities lie hidden in the trees 32 . toward and opening door 2, ignoring 

the effects of all icy terrain.

Rewards
Gain “Dead Raven” 233 . Section Links

When door 2 is opened, read  
New Scenarios: 161.2.
Realm of Endless Frost 21 , 
Ravens’ Roost 32

1

 96.3 • Apotheosis (76)  96.4 • Ice Floes (22)

Conclusion Conclusion last problem to solve: the shards. You hold 
You shrug and decide to leave the Fish The last Lurker slumps to your feet and the things tight, but they’re still directing 
King to his own devices. He promised gurgles under the rising pool of seawater. you downward, deep into the sea. It’s 
not to harm Frosthaven, and that’s all Hunks of ruined hardtack and broken impossible; to dive into this water would 
that matters to you. You gather up your barrel float about your knees, blood dying be certain death. You hate to admit it, but 
reward, including the spear that he surely everything a sickly pink. The attackers are you’ll have to return to town until you can 
won’t be needing anymore, and quickly dead, but the ship is still sinking. find another way forward.
depart. One thing is certain: you don’t 
want to be anywhere near here when the The crew work faster than they’ve ever 
transformation is finished and this whole worked before, and together you manage Rewards
place comes crashing down. to stem the flood before the ship sinks Lose 1 collective  for each set 

too far. When it’s done, you get rid of the of five hexes with water tiles on 
bodies. tile 7-G. Gain 15  each.

Rewards
“Threat from the Deep” quest It takes several people to remove each of 
complete. Gain “Wave Blade” 201 . the dead Lurkers. Their wide, awkward Section Links
Add event B-18 to the boat deck. bodies are difficult to maneuver, but Add 62.2 to the calendar in two 

they plunge into the icy depths with a weeks.
satisfying noise. Then there’s only one 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
96



 97.1 • Raised by Wolves (112)

You notice a section of the wall that has 
recently crumbled, leaving a gap you can 
fit through. A narrow corridor stretches 
before you, and you can make out the 
figures of several dark, winged creatures 
covered in tentacles. 1 2

Section Links
When door 2 is opened, read  

156.2.

 97.2 • Beneath Sea and Stone (49)

Conclusion hanging like a faded moon. You take a You consider the rest of the structure. Just 
More debris. More stone. The tunnel moment to gather your wits and reassess past the coral claws, an entire horde of 
narrows as it goes. The air in your your situation. The plan was to surface and Lurkers scrabbles about at the entrance to 
bathyspheres is sweltering and these restock from the ship; you’ve been under the cave you entered. Out of sheer luck, 
abyssal creatures will not relent. You for a long while. But just outside the cave you’ve distracted them and found a back 
punch through the debris one more time, is something you didn’t expect. way into exactly what you were looking 
expecting more rock, but instead you see for. You look at your air meter. It will be 
open water. You slam down the thrust and You’ve stumbled upon the rear of a tight, but you’ve got to take the chance.
push, and all at once you are out, bursting bizarre, twisted structure. It has the 
through a rocky underwater wall. look of a colossal ruined flower: a single 

massive crater surrounded by reaching Rewards
No one would call the bottom of the Biting coral claws. A series of raised plinths sit Gain 5  each. Gain 1 inspiration. 
Sea a welcoming sight. It is a dim, shifting near the back of this structure and, on one  
place filled mostly with rock and drifting of them, stashed behind a sort of throne, is New Scenario:
sands, but right now it’s the most beautiful a large, prominent coral shard. As soon as Underwater Throne 53  
thing you’ve ever seen. You’re free of the you see it, you feel its pull with a burning 
cave and far above is the ocean surface, intensity.

 97.3 • Life and Death (61)

“We’re almost clear,” Moonshard growls 
back at you. “Don’t give up on me now.” 
You stay close to her. She is your only 
hope for ever seeing sunlight again.

Special Rules
From now on, in addition to gaining 
disadvantage, all characters and 
character summons add -1  to all 
their attacks and -1  to all their 
move abilities, and Moonshard 
increases her attack value to L+4. 
All monsters still add +1  to all 3
their attacks targeting characters or 
character summons.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
97



 98.1 • The Eternal Crave (122)

You kick the doorway leading to the Special Rules Boss Special 1
inner chamber open and you see the Maw Door 2 is now locked. The Hungry Maw performs: 
pacing up and down the center of the  +1 
place. It looks upon you, and roars with an The Frozen Corpse is the Hungry  +1,  2 
otherworldly sound. Maw. It has HxC hit points and is  2,  all,  1 

immune to , , , , , and .  
“Feed me! Fill my craving! I am awakened In addition, it uses the Boss monster 
with hunger and my soul is cold!” Its eyes ability deck instead of its own.
pierce through you, as if searching Boss Special 2
for something. “You come empty- The Hungry Maw performs: 
handed. You cannot sate my  1 
damned eternal craving. I will eat  +0, ( : +2  and suffer  1) 
you to stave off the empty pit of  +0 
starvation a little while longer.” :  2,  all,  1, 
This does not look like a situation 
you can talk yourself out of.

Section Links
The first time the Hungry Maw is 
reduced to at most HxC/2 (rounded 
down) hit points, read 151.1.

1

 98.2 • The Unfettered Seal (62)  98.3 • The Dead Mile (37)

“Yes, yes, this might be it!” Crain Conclusion automatons dwell in these tunnels, and 
exclaims. “I can feel the power bubbling The waves come and you cut them down. what they could do if they broke free.
up!” A wave of energy pulses from Crain’s You run and dive over piles of dead, 
contraption, knocking over the foes around weaving between their cold, reaching When the guards finally move away, 
you. You hope for a second that this is the hands, but the end of the tunnel is in sight. you are allowed an unobstructed view 
end of it, but that hope is short-lived. The You dive through and slam the hatch into the chamber above. You find a great 
shadows rise and renew their assault. behind you, leaving the scratching moans bustling place: a room filled with twisting 

of the dead in your wake. cords and thumping arms, a chamber 
“Well, we’re close anyway,” Crain shrugs. where all the machinations of this place 
“I’ll keep searching.” After a while, you allow yourselves to come together to form an enormous heart 

relax. Next to the undead, a bit of dull of shivering steel. This is the central 
hallway isn’t so bad, and before long, the chamber. You’ve made it. All that’s left 

Special Rules passage begins to change. The walls open now is to climb up and figure out how to 
All monsters within  3 of  up and the ceiling lowers. Light starts to shut it down.
Crain gain . trickle in through a long metal grate set in 

the ceiling. You’re just starting to enjoy Rewards
Crain’s current goal is now B. the walk, and then, a storm of commotion. Gain 3 collective  and  

3 collective . 
Machine feet block out the light. Hundreds  

Section Links of them clatter just above your heads. New Scenario:  
When there are two damage tokens on You freeze where you are, not daring Nerve Center 44
B, read 18.3. to move until they are gone. It takes 

several long minutes. You blood chills as Locked Out Scenario:  
you understand just how many of these Buried Ducts 36

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
98



 99.1 • Camilla’s Funeral  99.2 • Infiltrating the Lair (75)

“Eros mentioned it was you who found You enter a cavernous antechamber and 3
our grandmother locked in that facility see a pair of large, ornate doors to your 3
and brought her remains home?” Two right from which the corrupted waters 
small women, family of the late painter flow. The doors presumably lead to the 
Camilla, stand outside your longhouse. Fish King’s inner sanctum; the roiling 
“Thank you, but… would you be open to waters the magical refuse of the ritual 
another job?” one asks. he has already begun. You must hurry to 

stop him. Unfortunately, the alarm has 
“You see, my sister and I want to hold a been raised, and the Abaeli are beginning 
funeral, but we are not exactly fond of to pour into the room from each of the 
graveyards. And our grandmother, well, two adjoining hallways. To avoid being 1 2
it seems her spirit is a bit resistant to the swarmed, you’ll need to cut off the 
concept of being dead and buried. Eros reinforcements. Good thing Lihrey sent 
suggested we might entrust you to bury you in prepared.
her?”

Rewards
New Scenario: To Bury the Dead 95 C

 99.3 •  Retires

Your mind is filled with images and dread, being enveloped in the water brings You express understanding, and they send 
thoughts conveying strong remorse. In a certain kind of warmth, as if returning back something else—some other longing. 
communicating with the Deepwraith, you home. No, this is something they will miss when 
realize it is time for them to move on.  they leave: you, their friend.
They share with you a sense of longing, And that’s when you get it. The 
or missing something that is out of reach. Deepwraith, someone who normally lives 
When you ask for clarification, they on the bottom of the ocean, hunting in the Rewards
share with you the feeling of submerging dark, has just spent too much time on the Add event SO-65 to the summer 
yourself in the ice-cold waters of the surface in the sunlight. They desperately outpost deck.
Biting Sea. But instead of filling you with want to return to the deep dark of the sea. 

 99.4 • Call of the Harbinger (56)

The one who destroyed the altar just the black creature is still chasing you, Special Rules
vanished into the dark. You can only guess grasping with shadowy tendrils, pulling The altar on tile 8-B cannot be 
what happened to them and if you’ll ever you into the Void. You move forward, reduced below 1 hit point until all 
see them again. All you do know is that searching for an end to this nightmare. characters occupy tile 8-B.

2 Door 2 is locked and will unlock 
when the new altar is destroyed.

Section Links
When the new altar is destroyed,  
read 66.3.

When door 2 is opened, read 90.4.

Return to 3.2 to reference its 
1 Section Links, if necessary. 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
99



 100.1 • Black Memories (121)

*IMPORTANT* The player whose You secure yourself with rope and brace into. Partway down, however, you seize 
character entered A or B must  your feet against the sides of the hole, up, your eyesight going dark as if you 
read this section in secret. finding indentations to dig your fingers can’t control your own perceptions. 

The omnipresent energy, the headache 
you’ve been fighting, abruptly becomes 

Special Rules unbearable. You are drowning in a dark 
You and all your summons are mind- than two cards in your set-aside deck. pool. A tentacle around your waist is 
controlled. All other allies are now Whenever you rest, your discard pile yanking you deeper, and you claw it away, 
treated as enemies and vice versa. is returned to your set-aside deck (after this monstrous horror—
However, you still want the scenario to losing a card) instead of your hand. 
be successfully completed. In addition, you are now immune to It’s the rope. You’re untying it from 

damage, but can still become exhausted your waist. You’ve been taken over by 
Your current turn is over, and you will if you run out of cards. Your summons the Mindthief. You plummet the final 
not participate in the scenario again are not immune to damage. distance.
until 123.1 is read. Remove your 
figure and all your summons from the On your turn, you must always perform 
map for now, and shuffle your hand into your move actions first. If both your Section Links
a set-aside deck. During card selection actions are move actions or neither are, The next time any character enters 
each round after 123.1 is read, draw then you can perform them in either A or B, read 123.1 together as 
up to three set-aside cards and select order. All your movements must follow normal.
two to play, shuffling any remaining normal monster focusing rules as if you 
cards back into the set-aside deck. You have a melee attack, and all your other 
can no longer use items, perform basic abilities must target as many figures as 
actions, prematurely remove cards from possible and apply all added effects they 
your active area, or long rest, and you can, including elemental consumptions.
can only short rest when you have fewer 

 100.2 • Call of the Harbinger  (56)  100.3 • Business Proposal

With a sickening crunch, the creature reels “I’m glad we were finally able to meet.” “Seems the Algox mine them for their 
back away from you, clearly wounded. You sit in The Crater across from Derrick own purposes—possibly religious too,” 

Windmere, the noble you met with those Derrick says, shaking his head with 
“Why do you resist?” It asks. “I cannot be two drunken brothers some weeks ago. exasperation. “But they’re not too keen 
destroyed, and I am coming to consume “I have a business proposition. See, my on negotiating, so we’ll need to take 
everything. Before long, you will witness family, well, they’re quite influential their mine by force. Don’t worry, though. 
my full glory, and you will bow as an down south, and they’ve always had high I’m not asking you to take on that many 
offering to my endless hunger.” expectations of me—expectations that Algox. I can get a private militia up here 

have been very difficult to live up to. to do that, but before I bring this to my 
It flicks its claw, and you are once again I’ve come to the north to get away from family, I need solid proof that it’s worth 
sent back to the hive. their constant disapproval, but I think the investment.

I’ve actually managed to stumble upon an 
opportunity that could change all that.” “Not one crystal,” he says, pointing to the 

Special Rules gem in your hands, “But a cartful. I’ve 
Set the Harbinger of Shadow’s At this, Derrick unrolls a bundle of cloth, got a few men out in the field already, 
current hit point value to one third its sending a beautiful yellow gem clattering and they’re reporting that the Algox are 
maximum (rounded down). across the table. “Sun agates. Very fragile, preparing to make another shipment of 

but those Oak zealots, the Radiant Order, agates from the mine. So all I need you to 
Place the character on tile 15-B in go absolutely bonkers over them. Embed do is ambush that shipment and bring it 
any empty hex adjacent to any other them in all their stuff, claiming they help back to me.”
character and any of their summons them commune with the Great Oak to 
and tokens in empty hexes adjacent strengthen their holy powers. But that’s 
to them. Remove all Black Imps not important. What’s important is that Rewards
from tile 15-B, and Harbinger of the Radiant Order is very rich, and I just New Scenario:  
Shadow 1 is no longer active. discovered a source of these gems up here How to Lay an Ambush 129

in the north.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
100



 101.1 • Under the Influence (120)

Scenario Effects Special Rules
All characters gain  and . Shuffle each character’s hand into a any remaining cards drawn back into 

set-aside facedown deck next to their their set-aside facedown deck. If any 
character mat. Whenever any character character has fewer than two cards in 

Beyond the door, a set of stairs leads rests, their discard pile is shuffled in to their set-aside deck, they must rest as 
down to a basement. As you descend, this set-aside deck (after losing a card) normal or become exhausted.
the ice-cracked walls become smooth instead of their hand.
and varnished, as if recently renovated. Door 2 is locked and is treated as an 
Intricate statues of small, crouched animals From now on, during card selection each objective with (L+1)xC hit points. It 
line the walls, cradling torches. You begin round, each character not long resting is an enemy to you and an ally to all 
to get a headache, a static pressure which must draw up to four of their set-aside monsters. When door 2 would be 
urges you away. Resisting intensifies the cards and select two to play, shuffling destroyed, it opens instead.
irritation, as though tiny claws scrape and 
skitter across your scalp. Some kind of 
psychic energy is assaulting you. Section Links

When door 2 is opened, read  
You hear clanking and grinding, as 157.1.
if from a distant machine. The noises 
amplify the noise in your mind. At the 50
bottom of the stairs, you enter a hallway 
populated by a pack of Vermlings.

They aren’t like the Vermlings you’ve 
seen in alleyways or roaming the frosty 
wastes. For one thing, blue-green energy 
sparks between their canines, flickering 
through their bristly hair. For another, 
they rush forward, brandishing their 
weapons with murderous intent.

Alright, maybe they are  
like the other Vermlings.

1 2

 101.2 • Overrun Barricade (43)

Conclusion together into a wide tubular shape and True to the Quatryl’s words, you see a 
The tunnel opening comes down in a rain are reinforced with iron and rivets, but light brightening at the far end of the 
of rock and rust, and for a moment you thankfully, there are no more machines. tunnel. You can’t be sure what awaits, but 
fear that you might have overdone it, but The path extends out into pitch blackness, you follow Crain’s lead.
the debris soon slows to a trickle. You and the only sound you hear is the chunk 
wipe away the grit from your eyes and of your footsteps. Crain seems a bit 
find a wall of rubble between you and the melancholy after your near brush with Rewards
enemy: a barricade thick enough to hold death, but he hides behind a brave face Gain 10  each. 
back even an Unfettered army. It’s a small when he notices your concern.  
victory, but you’ll take it. New Scenario: 

“No worries, friends,” he says. “I’ve been Orphan’s Halls 51  
This new passage is smaller than the through rougher scrapes than that. And 
previous one, but it’s built in largely the we’re on our way to the core. It shouldn’t 
same way. The walls and ceiling come be much longer now.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
101