53 • E2 Underwater Throne  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals These creatures have been unmoored. Map Layout
The scenario is complete when the Far from the restrained crustaceans you 
Seeker of the Abyss is dead. At the encountered on the rocky shoals, these 07-A
end of that round, read 107.4. Lurkers have been taken by a baser, 

animal madness. Their claws snap at the 
empty water and their eyes are empty of 

Scenario Effects 16-B
higher reason. They have been reduced, 

Each character adds three  cards to detached from their former selves, and 
their attack modifier deck. the one in charge seems to be driving 

this fever. He stands astride the plinths: 
a monstrous crab like something out of Scenario Key Loot

Introduction paranoid dream. His shell glows with an   x8 
You pray for stealth, that somehow no one eerie bioluminescence and his eyes are Seeker of the 

Abyss
will notice your vessel as it drifts toward empty like bottomless wells.   x2 
the Lurker base. Down here though, so Lurker   x2 
deep beneath the surface of the Biting Sea, They are coming now, and more will Clawcrusher   x3 
you doubt any god is listening. So you arrive soon. You need to cut through 
move slowly. You ease the thrust down these creatures, subdue the leader, and Lurker   x2 
and propel yourself at a crawl, inching escape with the shard before the horde can Mindsnipper   x2 
toward the large shard waiting just a short mobilize and overwhelm you.   x1 
distance away. Lurker Soldier

The underwater structure is odd. It’s built Special Rules
Cave Corridor

in the center of a mammoth crater and Each non-Lurker character gains  2
surrounded on all sides by towering coral twice (this is not a scenario effect).
teeth, but it’s what’s just past those teeth Large Cave 

Rock 2
that has you so unnerved. Even more At the start of each even round, spawn 
Lurkers have shown up to hunt for you. If one Lurker Soldier at A and one 
this goes wrong, there will be no escape. Lurker Mindsnipper at B. These are Treasure 1

normal for two characters, Lurker 
You manage to make it inside the base Mindsnippers are elite for three 
without being detected, and now the shard characters, or both are elite for four – Continued on next page.
is so close you can almost touch it. It’s characters.
set in a place of reverence on an open 
pedestal, and for a moment, you think 
you might just be able to take the shard Boss Special 1
without having to fight for it. But you The Seeker of the Abyss performs: 
should know better than that.  +0 

  -2,  2, all targets must lose one 
A huge, barnacle-encrusted Lurker card from their hand or discard pile 
emerges suddenly from a copse of nearby (if able)
shadows. The colors of his shell shift 
from camouflage to intimidation, and he 
releases a shrill psychic cry. The closest Boss Special 2
Lurkers turn, answering the call of this The Seeker of the Abyss creates one 
clearly dominant presence. They skitter  trap in any adjacent empty hex 
closer with mad speed, driven only by a closest to an enemy. Then all allies add 
desire to crush and kill. +1  to all their attacks this round.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
62



53 CONT. • Underwater Throne

63

A B

54 • F1 Among the Wreckage  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Key Loot

Seeker of the   x8 
Abyss Cave Door 2   x2 1

Large Cave   x2 
Lightning Eel Corridor 2   x3 

Lurker   x2 
Clawcrusher Cave Corridor 2

  x2 
Lurker   x1 

Mindsnipper Ice Pillar 9

Lurker Soldier Large Cave 
Rock 6

Lurker 
Wavethrower Treasure 1

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
63



54 CONT. • Among the Wreckage

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when the Each non-Lurker character gains  round, one character suffers  C-1.
Seeker of the Abyss is dead. At the twice (this is not a scenario effect).
end of that round, read 21.3. Shuffle numbered tokens 1 to 6 

Door 1 is locked and will unlock and face-down next to the map.
open when five objectives have been 

Scenario Effects destroyed. Each ice pillar and large cave rock in the 
Each character adds three  cards to scenario has Cx(L+1)/2 hit points (rounded 
their attack modifier deck. All hexes in the scenario are treated as down). They are enemies to you and allies 

water hexes for the purposes of Lightning to all monsters. Whenever any objective is 
Eel summoning and movement. destroyed, reveal one numbered token and 

Introduction resolve the corresponding effect based on 
The wreckage of the Lurker garrison has At the end of each round, if no monsters character count, spawning any indicated 
luckily been contained to small area, but, were on the map at any point during that monsters at any hex the obstacle occupied:
as you float towards it, the floating bodies 
of the unconscious Lurkers around you Token Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
give you pause. How long will they remain 
this way? Exactly how much time do you 1 One normal Lurker One normal Lurker One elite Lurker 
have to dig out the coral shard you did all Wavethrower Wavethrower Wavethrower
this to find?

2 One normal Lurker One elite Lurker One elite Lurker 
Unearthing is a slow process; the Soldier Soldier Soldier
submersible’s arms were hardly designed 
for this sort of work. But still you persist, 3 One normal Lurker One normal Lurker One elite Lurker 
prying up jagged slabs of stone and tossing Clawcrusher Clawcrusher Clawcrusher
them to the ground, and after several 
long minutes, you uncover something 4 One normal Lurker One elite Lurker One elite Lurker 
unexpected—the knobby claw of a Lurker. Mindsnipper Mindsnipper Mindsnipper

It would make sense that a number of 5 Two normal Lightning Three normal Four normal Lightning 
bodies got caught in the wave debris, Eels Lightning Eels Eels
unfortunately—after all, they were highly 
concentrated in the area—it’s just that this 6 The destroying figure The destroying figure The destroying figure 
body seems particularly well preserved. suffers  L+2. suffers  L+4. suffers  (2xL)+4.

It’s a keen observation, but it comes a 
second too late. The claw shoots out Section Links Map Layout
and snaps at the water, barely missing When door 1 is opened, read  
a bathysphere arm. The pile of rock 167.1 04-A
shifts and the Lurker pries himself loose, 
emerging dust-covered and furious.

It seems not everything is unconscious 13-B
after all. You guess being buried by rubble 
has a tendency to wake one up from a 
psychic stupor. How many creatures lie 02-J 02-L
in wait beneath the wreckage, you don’t 
know. You’ll just have to keep digging and 
fight whatever comes out.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
64



55 • M8 Change of Heart
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals You understand what must happen. You Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when the don’t specialize in not killing things, but   x3 
large ice crystal is destroyed. At the you’re willing to give it a try this once. Frozen Fist
end of that round, read 109.1.   x2 

  x4 
Special Rules Snowdancer

Introduction   x2 
All attacks targeting any monster 

Snowscorn mountain: the place where this gain disadvantage, and all sources of   x1 
Algox Archer

all began. It juts out from the southern damage suffered by any monster are   x2 
horizon, a familiar silhouette that dredges reduced by 1.   x1 
up your animosity and wary respect. You’ve Algox Guard
returned at last with Gurndel and Barduu, Instead of using standees for the 
the Unyielding Shard secure in their bag, bosses, use the miniatures in tuck Algox Priest
and with it you bring the possibility of boxes  (Frozen Fist) and  
peace. But those who remain here, who  (Snowdancer).
claimed Snowscorn and advocated for war, Cave Door 1
have no interest in your offer.

Section Links
They allow you inside at least and listen to When door 1 is opened, read 80.2. Ice Pillar 3
the emissaries’ tale. Gurndel and Barduu 
explain how you journeyed over the Large Ice 
North in order to retrieve the Ancient Ice Map Layout Crystal 1
and the New Snow, and how you fought 
in the frozen realm to combine them, Treasure 1
taking guidance directly from the spirit 16-B 15-A
of Mar’ogh himself. The Algox around 
you stand with disinterest, waiting only 
for the word from the chief to cut you all 
down. Barduu arrives at the final step 
of their story—that you must embed the 
Unyielding Shard into the Heart of Ice, and 
the cavern explodes in outrage and ridicule.

Gurndel tries to explain how the Heart 
has been corrupted, imploring the elders 
to just look at the shard to see the true 
words of their god, but war has a way of 
solidifying ideas, however misguided they 
might be, and the resident Algox refuse to 
let you into the Heart’s chamber. 1
You are not far from the Heart of Ice. 
In fact, you can see its light gleaming 
through the passage ahead. The only 
problem is the large number of Algox 
standing in the way.

“We must get inside,” Barduu says 
underneath her breath, “but we cannot kill 
any of our brethren. We are on a mission 
of peace.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
65



56 • R4 Call of the Harbinger
  Radiant Forest

Scenario Goals The shadow churns in the mildewy air, Boss Special 1
The scenario is complete when the expanding outward like billowing smoke. The Harbinger of Shadow 1 (when 
Harbinger of Shadow is dead. At the active) performs: 
end of that round, read 60.1. “We must stop them, my beauties. Stop  +0 

these evil things. Devour them. Tear open  -1  
their bodies and consume them.” Then it summons one normal Black 

Introduction Imp. The Harbinger of Shadow 2 
Those who have written about Harrower The Harrowers all move at once. They does nothing. 
nests, those whose bravery or foolishness explode and pour down from the walls, a 
compelled them inside, speak of endless black, glossy river breaking from a dam.
tunnels, of dirt-packed rooms where the Boss Special 2
ceiling is too low to stand, and of cavern The Harbinger of Shadow 2 performs: 
floors that give way without warning. So Special Rules  +0 
far, every story has proven true. There are two Harbinger of Shadow  +1,   

figures in the scenario, though only The Harbinger of Shadow 1 does 
It’s a miserable place, but you push on and, Harbinger of Shadow 2 is set up at nothing.
by keeping your focus trained on the floor, the start. The two bosses share hit 
you manage to track where the Harrowers points and perform the same monster 
have passed through. Their skittering ability card each round. The Harbinger Section Links
limbs leave small, regular divots in the of Shadow 2 is immune to damage When the altar is destroyed, read 3.2. 
ground, and by tracking these you reach at this time and character summons do When door 1 is opened, read 99.4.
the core of the corrupted hive. not focus on it.

You are in a fetid chamber, carved from Door 1 is locked and will unlock Map Layout
the earth and reinforced with layers of when the altar is destroyed.
pungent wax. Dozens of tunnels dot the 
walls, all of them filled with wriggling Each altar in the scenario has Cx(L+1) 04-A 15-B
shapes. Harrowers and shrike fiends shiver hit points. They are enemies to you 
in the darkness, chittering to each other and allies to all monsters.
like so many leaves blowing in the wind. 08-B
And yet, despite their superior number, 03-A
none of them try to approach. It takes 
a moment, but when you adjust to the 
darkness, you understand why.

Scenario Key Loot
In the center of the chamber floats a 
visceral shade. A shadow made corporeal Harbinger of   x6   x2 

Shadow Altar 3
hovers above the churned dirt. This is not   x5   x2 
a Harrower, but something foreign and   x2   x2 
terrifying. It has two glistening eyes that Black Imp Treasure 1
have been watching since you entered. It 
calls out with a high, wispy voice. Harrower 

Infester

“Invaders,” it says, dragging out the word. 
“Invaders come to hurt my beauties.” Shrike Fiend 2

The room stirs as the shadow speaks. The Cave Door
walls surge with excitement. 2

1
“You come here and crush my poor children, Large Cave 
my new precious ones. They only wanted Rock 1
my love, only love, and I gave it to them. I 
took away their pain—mmm—and made Nest 3
them strong. But you, you will hurt them.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
66



57 • D1 Sanctuary of Snow  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals The creature lowers its head and emits a with determination. “But I did not come 
The scenario is complete when the low growl. unprepared. We must set these up around 
Render is dead. At the end of that the clearing to neutralize its wind barrier. 
round, read 92.1. The healer moves quickly. She takes a Only then can we fight the Render.”

handful of small carvings from her shawl 
and gives them to you. You take the carvings, and the Render, 

Introduction recognizing the magic in the Snowspeaker’s 
The storm is getting worse. The wind, not “And so we must do what my ancestors trinkets, rises to its full height and releases 
content to simply blow in one direction, could not—destroy this thing,” she says a deep, head-rattling roar.
has begun to twist and bend, turning back 
to buffet you from every angle. It rips at 
your clothes. It yanks at your gear. It is so Special Rules
incessant and powerful that you’re forced At the end of each character’s turn, one wind carving in the hex she occupies.
to crouch just to keep your balance. The they may place one damage token in the 
cold too has worsened, creeping into your hex they occupy. These represent wind The Render is immune to damage unless 
head and numbing your thoughts. You carvings, which cannot be placed in there are at least two wind carvings each 
force yourself to count each step and cling hexes with obstacles or within  3 of to the top, bottom, left, and right of it. 
to the number like a rope tying you to another wind carving. No more than six Any carving directly to the left or right 
reality, but your grip is slipping. wind carvings (or five for four characters) of it is not to the top or bottom of it, and 

can be on the map at any time. If more vice versa.
You trudge. You sink into the snow and would ever be placed, first remove one 
you pull yourself out and trudge some from the map. At the start of the second, fourth, and 
more. Even Denpang struggles. Her back is tenth rounds, spawn one Wind Demon 
hunched as she plows through the snow, her Place Denpang A for two characters, at both B and C. These are normal 
necklaces and leather shawl standing out in who is considered a figure but cannot be for two characters, elite at B for 
the white, but then suddenly, they are gone. interacted with in any way. On initiative three characters, or both elite for four 

40 each round, she performs  4, characters. Monsters do not drop loot 
Your blood rises. You lurch forward, controlled by you, and then may place tokens.
hoping that she has not fallen, and then, 
just like that, the storm is gone.

Boss Special 1 Map Layout
A clearing, a mountain top. All around The Render teleports adjacent to the 
you spins a colossal vortex reaching up to wind carving farthest away from it 07-B
the sky, and in the center of it, standing at and destroys that carving. Then it 
the peak of this mountain, is an enormous performs:  
figure. It looks a bit like an Algox. It has  +2,  5,  2 16-A
two arms and two legs and is covered in a 
thick layer of downy fur, but that’s where 
the similarities end. Its eyes, for one, are Boss Special 2
not expressive in any way. Instead, they sit The Render destroys all carvings 
in its large skull like black spheres, coals, adjacent to it, then performs: 
which at the moment are aimed directly at  2,  C,  5 – Continued on next page.
you and the Algox woman. The creature is -1,  all adjacent enemies 
also almost double the size of any Algox  C, self
you’ve seen before, with paws as large 
as your chest. And rather than wielding 
any sort of staff or ice-encrusted fist, the 
creature is instead cloaked in a barrier of 
wind drawn inward from the surrounding 
storm. Long, curved fangs jut from the 
beast’s mouth and five hooked talons stick 
out from each paw.

“The Render,” Denpang says, crestfallen. 
“So it is true.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
67



57 CONT. • Sanctuary of Snow

Scenario Key Loot
- 

Render 53

Wind Demon
C

Large Snow 
Corridor 3

Snow Corridor 1

Snowdrift 6

Snow Rock 2

Tree 3
B

Treasure 1

A

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
68



58 • A10 Orphan’s Core
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals in erratic waves, pulling chips of metal Boss Special 1
The scenario is complete when the from other machines and consuming them The Orphan performs: 
Orphan is dead. At the end of that like moths in a flame. Still, the Orphan  (L+3)xC/2 (rounded up),  the 
round, read 88.1. draws on it greedily, unconcerned with glowing orb

damage to nearby equipment.

Introduction “We will not be put down, slaver. Not by Boss Special 2
You stand on the overseer’s platform you. Not by anyone.” The Orphan performs  
above the core of the Unfettered complex,  +0 
face to face with the automaton leader. Two large doors slam open on either side  +0,  6, 
The Orphan does not speak. It only stares. of the platform, and several thick-plated 
You wouldn’t think that a being made of steel automatons emerge—more soulless 
metal could hate, and yet, this machine things come to defend their leader. Section Links
radiates malevolence. This bloodless When the glowing orb is destroyed, 
thing, this conglomeration of scrap; it This is their final stand, and they will hold read 61.1.
scowls at you with rich menace, and then nothing back. It is down to this. You must 
turns to a small metal dais at the rear of destroy the Orphan.
the platform. Map Layout

“We will not be cast aside again so easily,” Special Rules
the Orphan says. A blast of searing blue Door 1 is locked. 16-D 02-F 02-H
light erupts and reaches out to envelope 
the Orphan in a protective blue shell, The glowing orb has (L+3)x2xC hit 
enclosing the furious automaton in a points. It is an enemy to you and an 
pulsing shield of energy. ally to all monsters.

Scenario Key Loot
The source of this energy is clear: a The Orphan is immune to all damage   x6 
hulking pillar, so large that you had at first and forced movement and cannot The Orphan
taken it for a wall, stands nearby, powering move in any way at this time.   x2 
the Orphan’s shield with a thrashing, Flaming   x4 
unstable beam of light. It pulses and hums Bladespinner   x1 

  x1 
Ruined Machine

  x1 

Steel Automaton

Metal Door 1

Large Metal 
Corridor 2

1 Metal Corridor 2

Power Conduit 4

Control Console 3

Glowing Orb 1

Treasure 1
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

69



59 • A11 Automaton Uprising
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals “Perhaps,” it says, “we have misjudged Surrounded, you face a row of solid steel. 
The scenario is complete when the each other. Perhaps the world is not the The Orphan’s private guard are huge, 
control console on tile 15-D has five same as it once was. You struggle here, well-built machines, their joints hissing 
damage tokens on it. At the end of that just like us, and perhaps the answer is not as they bring their massive limbs to bear, 
round, read 62.1. to destroy, but to work together.” but still you must hold them back. The 

Orphan needs time to send out the new 
The Orphan turns and gestures for you to orders, because without them, none of you 

Introduction follow. “Come,” it says, “we must tell the will get out alive.
“Peace?” The Orphan says, its voice others.”
incredulous. “Peace?”

Together you move through a side passage 
It turns and looks back at what you’ve and enter a series of triangular chambers – Continued on next page.
done, at the ruined machines left in filled with great towers of black steel and 
your wake and the injuries you yourself flashing lights.
have suffered to come here. You can 
understand the sentiment; you’re a little “If we are to have peace,” the Orphan 
surprised yourself. Here you were at the calls back, “I must issue a new 
brink of war, the destruction of all the proclamation to the Unfettered.” C
Unfettered within your grasp, and you The automaton moves to the base 
laid down your sword. So you explain of a tower and opens up a small 
how you arrived at the decision. You tell compartment, revealing a 
of your time here in the north. You tell of complex web of cords and 
the freezing expeditions, fierce battles and buttons. “But be forewarned: B
brutal attacks, of the memories that follow I can entreat, but I cannot 
you now. Then you describe Frosthaven: command. Each Unfettered has a 
this hopeful town perched on the edge of mind of its own, and each chooses 
the world and how hard you and everyone for itself whether to accept my 1
there have fought and worked and died to decision.”
keep that hope alive.

The Orphan manipulates the control 
As you speak, something dawns on the tower, its fingers clicking over the 
Orphan. You see it in the machine’s row of buttons, and after a moment 
mannerisms, how it nods slowly and the tower itself shifts. The lights 
lowers its arms. It understands. These that weave in and out of its steel A
obstacles that you’ve overcome, the façade flicker, changing from red 
anguish that you’ve endured, the Orphan to green like distant stars—except 
has felt those same things. You aren’t sure a few of them do not.
when, but at some point, you find yourself 
speaking not with an enemy but with a “As I suspected,” the Orphan says 
fellow pilgrim, fighting in an unforgiving with some darkness in its voice. 
world. Almost on cue, you hear the sound 1

of machines marching, and a moment 
When you finish, the Orphan takes a later, a line of heavy Unfettered barge 
moment to consider. When it speaks into the triangular chamber: hulking 
again, it does so with warmth. steel automatons, their fists already 

clenched. D
“Life is not so gentle a thing, is it?” The 
Orphan says. It shakes its head, a small “My personal guard,” the Orphan 
concession to the immense burden it has says. “They will never accept peace, I’m 
endured over all these years. It turns afraid. They will try to destroy both of us E
back to you, the blue light behind its eyes now. Quickly, we must move to the other 
softening. towers and send the message to the rest of 

the Unfettered. If enough of them take up 
our call, we might stand a chance.”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
70



59 CONT. • Automaton Uprising

Special Rules
Doors 1 are locked. Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

The Orphan A is an ally to you and an 3, 9 B and D: One B: One normal B and D: One elite 
enemy to all other monsters. Do not set normal Flaming Flaming Bladespinner Flaming Bladespinner
up its stat card or the Boss monster ability Bladespinner D: One elite Flaming 
deck. Instead, it has (L+C)x2 hit points. Bladespinner
On initiative 01 each round, it performs  

 3, controlled by you. Any character 4, 10 C and E: One normal C: One normal C and E: One elite 
can lose one card from their hand or Robotic Boltshooter Robotic Boltshooter Robotic Boltshooter
two from their discard pile to negate E: One elite Robotic 
one source of damage to the Orphan. If Boltshooter
the Orphan dies, the scenario is lost.  

5, 7 Two normal Ruined One normal and one Two elite Ruined 
Whenever the Orphan ends its turn Machines at any elite Ruined Machine at Machines at any 
adjacent to any control console, place starting hex any starting hex starting hex
one damage token on that console.  

11 Two normal Flaming One normal and Two elite Flaming 
At the start of each listed round, spawn Bladespinners at any one elite Flaming Bladespinners at any 
the following monsters at the listed starting hex Bladespinner at any starting hex
locations based on the character count: starting hex

 
12, 13, B, C, D, and E: B and D: One normal B, C, D, and E: 
14, etc. One normal Ruined Ruined Machine One elite Ruined 

Machine C and E: One elite Machine
Ruined Machine

Scenario Key Loot Section Links
  x11 When both revealed control consoles 

Flaming Large Metal 
Bladespinner Corridor 2 have three damage tokens on them, 

  x4 read 121.1.
Robotic   x1 

Boltshooter Power Conduit 5   x1 Map Layout
  x2 

Ruined Machine Control Console 3
  x1 

08-A
Steel Automaton Treasure 1

01-D 15-D
Metal Door 2

04-B

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
71



60 • G2 Uniting the Crown  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals a warped mirror. You reach out to grab safe. Your great military prowess has brought 
The scenario is complete when the at them but a wave of energy pushes you peace to the many warring clutches. And yet 
Fracture of the Deep is dead. At the back, shaking your vessel violently. Then he gets the power, the recognition. You reject 
end of that round, read 10.1. you watch as all six shards lift up from the the king and his crown. You will take it all 

pedestal and six Lurkers appear behind them. back by force.

Scenario Effects These are spiny, ethereal figures: Lurkers of a The last memory is the crown shattering. 
Each character adds three  cards to sort you’ve not seen before. Their bodies are A shockwave envelopes you—consumes 
their attack modifier deck. a murky fog, shades of some ancient time, you—tying your destructive will 

brought here through some twisted magic. inexorably to the shards.

Introduction Sudden flashes of anger and hatred cloud The vision fades from your mind, but the 
The dome hangs in your submersible’s your mind as a Lurker presence invades dark presence does not leave your sight. 
window: a great sunken moon. The image it. It shows you the coral crown in an He now stands before you, flanked by his 
of it has followed you for months. Ever underwater palace, a king ascending the six ethereal lieutenants who now hold the 
since your first vision back on the jagged throne. It is the same vision Sun in shards. The hateful apparition steps forward 
shoals you’ve been bombarded by flashes of Shallows shared with you when you met, on crooked limbs—a giant of immense 
this place, and now you’re here. The shards but you feel no reverence or longing for this proportions, a shrouded usurper dredged 
of the crown are secure in the hold and the bygone era. There is only jealousy and rage. from the very bottom of the abyss. He means 
end to all of this is within your sight. to prevent you from reuniting the crown—to 

When the cloud of darkness comes, you see bury all of you and the shards beneath the 
You approach carefully, hoping to avoid a figure within it. You are the figure, so full waves. You deploy your bathysphere’s suits 
detection, and with a bit of luck you of loathing for the king. You made the seas and prepare to defend yourselves.
manage to make it inside without drawing 
any attention to yourselves. The dome is Special Rules
abandoned. Rocks are strewn about and Each non-Lurker character gains  twice addition, place that lieutenant’s element token 
broken coral litters the ground. No one has (this is not a scenario effect). in the strong column of the element board. It 
entered this place in many years—a temple is now always treated as strong.
scorned by its own parishioners—but that All hexes in the scenario are treated as 
works to your advantage. water hexes for the purposes of Lightning For each crystal shard a character has on 

Eel summoning and movement. their mat, they add a cumulative +1  to 
You pilot your way over to the pedestal, one of their attacks each turn targeting 
finding it in the same poor condition as the All six Lurkers on tiles 13-B and 13-D are non-boss enemies. At the start of any 
rest of the structure. Sickly brown plants Fractured Lieutenants and add +1  to character’s turn, they can give any number 
have adhered themselves to its sides and a all their attacks. Place one element token of their crystal shards to an adjacent 
few branches of stony coral have begun to on each one as depicted. Any element on character. If a character with crystal 
grow around its base. a lieutenant cannot be infused. When any shards becomes exhausted, the shards are 

lieutenant dies, the character who killed it, or given to the closest character. 
Working together, you draw each shard any character closest to the lieutenant if no 
from the external hold and place them on the character killed it, places one numbered token The Fracture of the Deep is immune to all 
pedestal. It’s a delicate process. You must fit on their mat. This represents a coral shard. In conditions and damage at this time.
each piece together, being sure not to damage 
them with the bathyspheres’ clumsy controls. 
The air is getting muggy, and you distantly Boss Special 1 Boss Special 2
recognize that you’ll need to resurface soon. The Fracture of the Deep performs:  The Fracture of the Deep performs: 
But this will only take a moment longer. The  1,  all,  1  +0 (  : ) 
crown is almost back in one piece; the shards   : Summon one Lurker  +0 (  : +C ) 
are joined so they form two parts of a whole Clawcrusher     : Summon one Lurker 
and then, with your breath held, you ease the   : Summon one Lurker Wavethrower 
two halves together. Mindsnipper Any summoned Lurker Wavethrowers 

Any summoned Lurker Clawcrushers are normal for two or three characters, 
But no. or Lurker Mindsnippers are normal for or elite for four characters.

two characters, Lurker Clawcrushers 
The shards, nearly reunited, are suddenly are elite for three characters, or both 
wrenched apart and the water wobbles like are elite for four characters. – Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
72



60 CONT. • Uniting the Crown

Section Links Scenario Key
When one character has all six numbered 
tokens on their mat, read 115.4. Fracture of the Lurker 

Deep Wavethrower Rubble 5

Map Layout Lightning Eel Large Cave 
Corridor 4 Altar 2

Lurker 
Clawcrusher Cave Corridor 4 Stalagmites 3

13-B 15-B 13-D
Lurker 

Mindsnipper

Loot

  x8 
  x1 
  x1 
  x1 
  x1 
  x1 
  x1 
  x1 

61 • I11 Life and Death
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Key Loot

  x5 
Deep Terror Water 4   x4 

  x4 
Earth Demon Ice 10

  x4 A
Harrower  Large Cave   x2 
Infester Rock 2

  x2 1
  x1 

Cave Door 3 Stalagmites 5

Huge Water 2 Treasure 1

Large Water 4 – Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
73



61 CONT. • Life and Death

Scenario Goals Almost as soon as you enter, that far back and shoulders and she’s standing between 
The scenario is complete when all corner of your mind begins to shiver. you and the wriggling, wet stalk of a deep 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of There is an unnatural smell in the air. It’s terror. In a blur, the Orchid woman dashes 
that round, read 67.1. sour and cool, like air that’s already been to the side and then reappears next to the 

breathed. Steady. You continue, and before monster, a brutal axe already coming 
long, the sunlight vanishes. down. She hews the creature in two like 

Scenario Effects a fledgling tree—ichor sprays the air. 
Each character adds two  cards to Something is wrong. You’re starting to A second later she’s back by your side, 
their attack modifier deck and gain . lose track of time. You try to think how untouched and offering—you realize—her 

long you’ve been marching: was it only only hand.
a few minutes since you entered, or was 

Introduction it an hour? The walls have changed too, “I am Moonshard,” she adds tersely. 
The Copperneck Mountains, a bristling you know that for certain. They’ve grown “Follow me.”
jaw of ochre peaks, greets you like a closer. And the ceiling seems to have 
forgotten, bitter friend. To a party on foot, moved inward.
it is nothing less than a maze of razor- Special Rules
edged stone, grown as if nature itself was Suddenly, a flash of red. A claw. You jump Place one numbered token in A. This 
trying to keep you out. If that weren’t back, swing your blade, strike only stone. represents Moonshard, an ally to you 
enough, the mountains are filled with You raise your torch and see nothing. Then and an enemy to all monsters. She has 
Savvas and all variety of wild creatures, behind you Crain calls out: (L+(2xC))x2 hit points and her attacks 
both looking for any opportunity for a are unaffected by . On initiative 50 
fight. But there is apparently no danger “Friends. Friends, where are you? I am each round, she performs  3;  L+1. 
that Crain will not risk in the search for having such trouble seeing.” Any character can lose one card from 
star iron. their hand or two from their discard 

You follow the Quatryl’s voice and find pile to negate one source of damage 
The Quatryl marches in the lead, fully him stumbling in a puddle of water, but to Moonshard. If Moonshard dies, the 
confident in the guidance of his newest when you grasp his shoulder, he turns and scenario is lost.
contraption, which he holds out ahead of his eyes are gone, replaced by empty pits. 
him. To you, it looks like a convoluted 
lamp that’s been dropped on the ground You jerk away. A shout escapes your lips. Section Links
one too many times, but to Crain, it is yet A warm, slick body slides against you. A When door 1 is opened, read  
another of his “greatest achievements”. talon digs into your arm. You swing your 105.1.
He tried to explain the science back at weapon again, but again, you hit only 
Frosthaven, but after he got into ‘material stone.
resonance’ and ‘inductive-spectral Map Layout
harmony,’ you waved him off and saved “Terrors,” Crain shouts. Your vision clears 
the both of you a few hours of frustration. and you see the Quatryl in earnest—he is 
Now and then, the thing gives off a noise: unharmed. “There are deep terrors here, 14-B
an intermittent buzz that supposedly many of them. And something even worse. 
means you’re heading in the right Steel your mind, my friend. When terrors 
direction. lurk, your mind is no longer an ally.”

11-B

Hours pass. Your throat dries, and your What will you do? Without your thoughts, 
patience grows thin from listening to without your senses, combat is like 08-B

Crain’s incessant machine. So it comes as swimming through a bog. You lunge one 03-A

a relief when he finally, suddenly stops. way and stumble over your own feet. 
You’ve accepted this may be your end, but 

There you both stand, at the mouth of then, no. There is light, dull blue light, and 
a tall but narrow tunnel, like a giant a voice.
spear had been thrust down into the 
mountainside and then drawn out, leaving “Slither back, darkness,” the voice 
this gaping wound behind. And there is no commands, thick with age. Just the 
mistake. Crain’s contraption is giving off sound of it sharpens your mind. Then she 
a steady, low-pitch moan. This is it. Down appears: an Orchid. She’s tall, crested with 
you must go. flocks of brilliant blue crystal on her head 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
74



62 • B8 The Unfettered Seal
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Another demon screeches to your right, It looks like the spokes of a wheel bolted 
The scenario is complete when there a sound that makes your teeth ache. You to the top of a telescope, and beneath it 
are four damage tokens on A. At the wave your torch this way and that, wasting hangs a cluster of glowing diodes and 
end of that round, read 69.1. time. Your only real hope is Crain. knotted tubing and some sort of tuning 

device—but all of it is dormant. 
His new contraption is fully erected, 

Introduction standing a foot taller than the Quatryl “The crystals aren’t responding,” Crain 
There is a spot at the base of your skull—a himself, but it is painfully still. This shouts, seizing the tripod’s legs. “I 
small spot—that normally feels nothing. gadget supposedly has the ability to need time to find the correct position 
If you run your fingers along it, you can strengthen the seals keeping the Harbinger and draw out the seal’s energy. Time, 
tell where the bone gives way to form a at bay, but you’ve only seen a minor dammit, please!”
tiny soundless drum. That spot is normally demonstration back in Crain’s workshop, 
safe, quiet. But now, you stand surrounded and back then he had Terra and the So you breathe. The shadows are here. 
by darkness, and a throat-tearing cry is Shattersong standing by to help. They move into the dim light of your 
rising up all around like a thousand gulls torch: chaos demons licking the air with 
wailing at once, and in that spot at the base The device itself is a large metal tripod, their wild horns, infesters skittering under 
of your skull you feel a deep and vicious mounted with a circular dial of liquid- their cloaks. They are eager. Hungry. You 
bite. You feel, for the first time, terror. filled cylinders and metal-capped crystals. tell yourself: just hold them back, that’s all 

you need to do. Just hold them.
You are hundreds, perhaps thousands 
of feet beneath the Northern tundra, far 
below the ancient Quatryl catacombs, 
because it is here where Crain must Loot
strengthen the first seal. But the Harbinger D   x5 
is no idle force, and its dark guardians 21
have awoken to repel you.   x4 

  x4 
Crain is only a few feet away, working 
frantically in the dank gloom. C   x4 

  x2 
“Just hold them for a few minutes, gods, H I   x2 
just give me that!” He shouts and the room   x1 
jostles with shadow. Faces in the dark rise 
and fall: green, glittering eyes watching 
you. Crain is asking an enormous thing. 
You can recognize the silhouettes of these 
infernal guardians, their stink: Harrowers, 
imps, and demons—enemies that would be G J E
more than enough to handle on their own, 
but now they all come at you together.

Your battleground is nothing remarkable 
except for its depth. It is a wide empty B
cavern: cold stone dappled here and 
there with brackish water that has seeped F K
through the stone. The floor and walls 
have been reinforced by elder Quatryl 
trellises in spots, but for the most part the 
chamber is untouched. You suspect the A
original architects abandoned this place 
after feeling the same venomous fear that 
now courses through you. That was wise 
of them. You do not have the luxury.

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
75



62 CONT. • The Unfettered Seal

Special Rules
Crain A is an ally to you and an Token Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
enemy to all monsters. He has  
(L+C)x2+2 hit points. On initiative 1 F: One normal F: One normal F and H: One 
99 each round, he performs  3,  , Black Imp Black Imp normal Black Imp 
focusing on moving toward his goal, I: One elite  I and K: One  I and K: One  
if not already occupying it. Crain’s Black Imp elite Black Imp elite Black Imp
current goal is A. Any character may  
lose one card from their hand or two 2 G: One elite  G and J: One  F, G, and J:  
from their discard pile to negate one Black Imp elite Black Imp One elite Black Imp
source of damage to Crain. If Crain J: One normal 
dies, the scenario is lost. Black Imp

 
At the end of each round, if Crain is 3 F: One normal F: One normal F and K: One 
occupying his goal, place one damage Chaos Demon Chaos Demon normal Chaos 
token on it. K: One normal Demon

Black Imp
Shuffle numbered tokens 1 to 6  
face-down next to the map. At the start 4 I: One normal F: One normal F: One normal 
of each round, reveal one and spawn Chaos Demon Chaos Demon Chaos Demon 
the corresponding monsters in the listed H: One elite  H: One normal 
locations based on character count: Black Imp Harrower Infester

 
Whenever all numbered tokens have 5 G: One normal G: One normal G: One elite 
been revealed, shuffle them all face- Harrower Infester Harrower Infester Harrower Infester
down again. J: One elite  

Black Imp
 
6 K: One normal I: One normal I: One normal 

Harrower Infester Black Imp Chaos Demon 
K: One normal K: One normal 
Harrower Infester Harrower Infester

Scenario Key Section Links
When there are two damage tokens on 

Black Imp Metal Corridor 2 A, read 98.2.

Chaos Demon Rubble 4 Map Layout

Harrower  
Infester Metal Cabinet 4 12-A

Large Metal 
Corridor 2 Treasure 1

12-C

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
76



63 • G12 The Savvas Seal
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals mentioning why he didn’t bring it up the final sheet of stone falls away, and 
The scenario is complete at the end of earlier, before you all decided to break into the tunnel opens onto a vast, arid dome. 
the twelfth round. At the end of that the Savvas source of life. Crain gives you a short salute and runs out 
round, read 73.2. before you can stop him. Just like that, the 

“Well, I didn’t want to worry you.” conversation is over. You grit your teeth, 
stifle your anger. Time to work. 

Introduction You consider this. Your hand clenches 
When this is over, when it’s all said and involuntarily. Then something in your face This is space between where the Harbinger 
done and you’re no longer running from makes the Quatryl explain more quickly. sleeps and the Savvas source of life. The 
one side of the North to the other trying to Harbinger created this source of life and 
keep the world from imploding, you swear “Ah, okay, and maybe I thought it would uses it to influence the Savvas, turning 
that you will never go underground again. work itself out. Look, it isn’t that drastic a them into its unwitting agents. You have 
Not even a cellar. But right now, that’s problem, just a variable to keep in mind.” no desire extinguish the source, but 
exactly where you find yourself. strengthening the seal should cut off the 

You gesture for him to continue. corruption seeping in from below.
You are in a tunnel, a perfectly round 
tunnel carved beneath the Copperneck “It’s the third seal. So we know where the Crain rushes out into the cavern, right to 
Mountains. Unlike tunnels you’ve entered first seal was—down in the Unfettered, the edge of a heart-dropping chasm, and 
before, however, this one is unique, err, Quatryl, complex—and we know raises his tripod like a hungry prospector 
because it is being carved mere seconds where the second seal is—in the Savvas about to swing his pick. You hear Satha’s 
before you pass through it. Crain is in source of life. But the third seal.” Crain exhausted voice echo in your head, “Why 
front of you, marching with his seal winces. “Well, we won’t know exactly couldn’t you have found a nice, quiet 
contraption hoisted over his shoulder, where that is until this one is secure. The Quatryl down in those catacombs?”
and in front of him are the tunnelers—a problem there, well, as soon as we secure 
squad of Shattersong. They move steadily, this one, the Harbinger will be focusing all Crain stabs his contraption down and 
walking in two columns as they bore its attention on that third place.” whole area rumbles in response. A long 
through the mountain, but rather than flurry of anger rises up from all sides 
carve with any sort of tool or machine, One of the Shattersong gestures from the of the room—agents of the Harbinger, 
they use their voices. You have no idea front: they’re getting close. Savvas guardians bent to its will, have 
how it works, but the crystalline Savvas spotted you. A sound wells up from the 
emit a sort of low, steady hum that “So imagine a river—a big river full chasm so loud and so full of rage that, for 
destabilizes the rock in front of them, of trees and rocks and black water and a second, it makes you hold your breath. 
changing it from dense stone to a soft, demons and bones and death. Okay, now Then the Savvas, seething with vicious 
gray material similar to mica. Then, they imagine that river has three outlets. If you magic, rush around the rocks and charge 
simply tap the wall and the transformed dam up two of those outlets, that river will you, completely unhinged. 
rock falls away, leaving a wide, perfectly suddenly only have one place to go.”
circular tube in its place. Crain activates his device and catches 

The Shattersong slow their pace and your eye—there is no time for words, but 
You’ve been watching them perform all but one of them step aside. This last you know his look. This is it. Everything 
this feat for the past hour, and it would Savvas waits in front, ready to break depends on you now.
continue to fascinate you if it weren’t through the final barrier. 
for Crain, who just said something so 
disturbing that you asked him to repeat it. “So,” Crain whispers, “right after we dam Section Links

up this outlet, we’ll essentially be racing a At the end of the fourth round, read 
“I said,” he clears his throat, “that there very large, very angry body of water to the 7.1.
might be a small—just a tiny—hiccup final seal. That shouldn’t be too much of a 
in our plan. Not even a hiccup really. A problem—unless the seal is especially far 
sniffle.” away.”

– Continued on next page.
A sniffle. You remember to breathe. Count You are about to say something unkind, 
to five. You ask him to kindly explain something to let Crain know exactly 
himself and also, if he wouldn’t mind, what you think of his ‘sniffle,’ when then 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
77



63 CONT. • The Savvas Seal

Map Layout Special Rules
Crain A is an ally to you and an enemy character may lose one card from their 
to all monsters. He has (L+C)x2+2 hit hand or two from their discard pile to 
points, is immune to forced movement, negate one source of damage to Crain. If 

05-A 11-B 03-A and cannot move in any way. He does Crain dies, the scenario is lost.
not act, but has an initiative of 99 for 
the purpose of focusing. Whenever any At the start of each listed round, spawn 
monster would be able to attack Crain on the following monsters at the listed 
their turn, given their current movement locations based on character count:

Scenario Key Loot and range, they focus on him. Any 

  x5 Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters
Earth Demon

  x4 1, 3 B: One normal B: One elite B: One elite 
  x4 Savvas Icestorm Savvas Icestorm Savvas Icestorm

Flame Demon
  x4 

2, 4 C: One normal C: One normal C: One elite 
  x2 

Frost Demon Savvas Lavaflow Savvas Lavaflow Savvas Lavaflow
  x2 
  x1 

Savvas Icestorm

Savvas 
Lavaflow D

Wind Demon

Cave Corridor 4

Large Cave B
Corridor 4

Stalagmites 4
A

72
Treasure 1

C

E

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
78



64 • FR The Frosthaven Seal
  Frosthaven

Scenario Goals Guards turn, their faces knit with worry. for the town. This single tree, smaller than 
The scenario is complete when the They have never seen you like this. it’s cousins to the south, cold and bent—
Vestige of the Imprisoned God is dead. One of them catches up, asks what’s but strong nonetheless. It’s roots have 
At the end of that round, read 74.1. wrong, what’s coming, and you answer: grown stubbornly deep in this rocky soil. 

everything.
Crain takes his device, stabs its legs into 

Introduction Satha joins the race, as does Moonshard the earth, and turns it on. But something 
Run is all you can think, just run. and neither asks questions. They know is wrong. 

what is coming without hearing the words, 
All night, you’ve been marching, head they can feel it deep in their bones. Horns sound from the distant walls—
down in the wind, pushing your body enemies approach. You freeze and listen 
beyond endurance. The pace is grueling. You find the temple doors bare in the for the signal. Two blasts—they come 
Your lungs feel crystallized, frost-burnt by moonlight. Each panel is hand-carved from the east. A clamor rises outside, the 
the air, and each step chews your muscle with the sigil of the Oak, pale and guards waking to the call and donning 
to shreds, but you cannot slow down. beautiful. To some, it represents a sense of their armor. Captains shout the call to 
You race the darkness itself. You race normalcy, a mast to hold onto during the arms, practiced but urgent. These people 
corruption, a river of oily death rushing storms, but there is no hiding from what are used to fighting. You pull your weapon 
beneath your feet, churning with teeth and is coming. You crash through the doors and prepare to join them, then you stop. 
bone and venom. without a second thought. Three more blasts from the horn. Enemies 

to the west. Eustice, the Keeper, shakes his 
Crain has managed to keep up, the The Keeper of this place is a haggard man head confused. Then four blasts. Then five. 
same fear coursing in him. Already he’s named Eustice who regularly haunts the Enemies coming from every direction. 
jettisoned half his gear, every nonessential morning streets. He protests the invasion. They are here. 
item—tools and trinkets and spare 
parts—just dropped in the snow, a trail “B—blasphemy,” he sputters, pulling You few, you who stand in the Oak’s 
of precious metal crumbs. He knows the on his robes. “You cannot—these are courtyard, pause long enough to meet each 
danger you’re facing better than anyone, hallowed grounds. What are you doing other’s eyes. Crain stands under the tree, 
and his face is a split mask of panic. with that? Who—?” his thin brow low, his eyes like rivets. 

Moonshard hoists her axe. Satha snarls 
When you reach Frosthaven, the night is But no one slows down. You charge a grin. You nod. This is it. This is for 
still deep. Crain will not speak more than through the temple, smashing open the everything.
a few gasped words, but he tells you where rear door and rush into the courtyard 
the seal is hidden. When the gates creak where the Oak resides. The holy tree. 
open, you both shoot through, sprinting Here it lives, surrounded by a protective Section Links
now for the center of the outpost, to where courtyard, its trunk carefully wrapped At the end of the tenth round, read  
the seal awaits—the Temple of the Great to protect against the cold, and its roots 72.1.
Oak. brushed free of snow. It is a fitting symbol 

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
79



64 CONT. • The Frosthaven Seal

Special Rules
All four City Guards are Guard At the start of each listed round, spawn (“tile 2” refers to both tiles 2-A and 2-C 
Captains, allies to you and enemies the following monsters at any empty I together):
to all other monster types. The Guard on the listed tile, based on character count 
Captains cannot go above level 5, even 
if the scenario level is 6 or 7. Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

Place Cx2 numbered tokens in any 1 11 and 13: One 7, 11, and 13: One 2, 7, 11, and 13: One 
A, B, C, and D. These represent normal Living Doom normal Living Doom normal Living Doom
militia members, allies to both you 
and all Guard Captains and enemies to 2 2 and 7: One normal 2: One elite  2 and 7: One elite 
all other monsters. Each has (L/2)+2 Shrike Fiend Shrike Fiend Shrike Fiend
hit points (rounded up). On initiative 7: One normal  
51 each round, they perform  3; Shrike Fiend

 (L/4)+1 (rounded down). At the end  
of each round, you may place up to two 3 13: Two normal 13: One normal  13: Two elite 
new militia members in any empty A, Burrowing Blades and one elite Burrowing Blades
B, C, or D. No more than twelve Burrowing Blade
militia members can be on the map at  
any time. 4 11: Three normal 11: Four normal 11: Five normal 

Living Spirits Living Spirits Living Spirits
At the end of any round, before new 
militia members are placed, any 5 2 and 7: One normal 2, 7, and 13: One 2, 7, 11, 13: One 
character occupying any A to H can Shrike Fiend normal Shrike Fiend normal Shrike Fiend
travel between map tiles. From tile 15-A, 
characters can travel to the closest room 6 2: One normal  11: One elite  11 and 13: One elite 
(E to either A, F to either B, G to Living Doom  Living Doom Living Doom
either C, and H to either D). From 11: One elite  13: One normal 
the other tiles, any character can travel to Living Doom Living Doom
any other room except the one opposite  
it in the layout (A to any E, B, or D; 7 2 and 7: One normal 2, 7, 13: One normal 2, 7, 11, and 13: One 
B to any F, A, or C; C to any G, Burrowing Blade Burrowing Blade normal Burrowing 
B, or D; D to any H, A, or C). All Blade
characters can only travel to a hex if it  
is empty and characters cannot teleport 8 7, 11, and 13: One 7 and 11: One normal 7: One normal  
between rooms. normal Shrike Fiend Shrike Fiend Shrike Fiend  

13: One elite Shrike 11 and 13: One elite 
If any Guard Captain dies, at the end Fiend Shrike Fiend
of that round, remove the map tile it  
died on and move all characters in it 9 2, 7, and 11: One 2, 11, and 13: One 2, 7, 11, and 13: One 
to the closest lettered hex on tile 15-A, normal Living Spirit elite Living Spirit elite Living Spirit
or the closest empty hex to it if it is not 13: One elite  7: One normal  
empty. From then on, any monsters Living Spirit Living Spirit
that would spawn on that tile instead  
spawn at the letter hex closest to where 10 2: One elite  2, 7, and 11: One  2, 7, 11, and 13: One 
it had been (E for tile 7-E, F for tile Shrike Fiend elite Shrike Fiend elite Shrike Fiend
11-E, G for tiles 2-A and 2-C, and H 7, 11, and 13: One 13: One normal 
for tile 13-E). normal Shrike Fiend Shrike Fiend

The tree has (L+C)x3 hit points. It 
is an ally to you and an enemy to all 
monsters, with an initiative of 01 for 
the purpose of focusing. If the tree is 
destroyed, the scenario is lost.

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
80



64 CONT. • The Frosthaven Seal

Map Layout Scenario Key

Vestige of the Dungeon 
11-E Imprisoned God Living Doom Corridor 2

07-E
Burrowing 

Blade Living Spirit Large Dungeon 
Corridor 2

15-A
City Guard Shrike Fiend Tree

2-A 1

13-E 2-C

Loot I I I I I
  x5 I I
  x4 
  x4 I B I
  x4 I A I
  x2 
  x2 I I
  x1 

I E F B I
I
I
I A

C

I
D H G

I
I
I

D C I
I I I

I I I
I I

I
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

81