2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.



Welcome to Frosthaven

With your head down, you march. One foot, then the other. You try 
to block out the pain: the throbbing in your toes, the numbness in 

your face. Just keep the rhythm, you think—one, two—but the wind isn’t 
so easily ignored. It claws at you, whipping up ice and snow like tiny 
hooks, making every breath difficult. Your skin is thick, you always prided 
yourself on that, but nothing is thick enough for this. You are walking 
through the Frozen Wastes, a place far to the north where only the hard 
and the lost dare to travel. Of course, that’s probably why they hired you. 
 
It’s been ten days of plowing through snow drifts as high as your 
waist, and there’s still no sign of the town. You’re mercenaries hired 
as part of a support team, the first group of the season sent to check on 
humankind’s most distant outpost—Frosthaven. It’s a place forgotten by 
most of the world: a tiny settlement carved out of the frozen wilderness 
that, for half the year, is wholly cut off from the empire, isolated by 
towering, unbreachable drifts. But as of last week, just enough snow 
has melted off the Imperial Pass for a team to get through. They 
were hiring, and your coin purses were empty. So then, here you are. 
 
No one really knows what awaits you in Frosthaven. Your snow-muddled 
mind struggles to imagine what sort of people could survive through the 
winter in a place like this. But whoever’s there, you hope at the very least 
they’ve left a fire going.

Rewards
New Scenarios:  
Howling in the Snow 0  
A Town in Flames 1  

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
2



0 • N6 Howling in the Snow
  Designer: Zachary Cohn; Writer: Isaac Childres

Scenario Goals Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all Do not set up the Hound monster ability Deathwalker: Shadow Step, Fluid 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of deck. Instead, each round on initiative Night, Strength of the Abyss, Call of 
that round, read 2.2. 26, all Hounds perform  2;  2. Doom, Call to the Abyss, Black Barrage, 

Eclipse, Dark Fog
Each character reduces their hand until 

Introduction it contains only the following cards: Banner Spear: At All Costs, Tip of 
You were warned the journey would the Spear, Unbreakable Wall, Combined 
not be easy. That the weather would Drifter: Unbreakable, Crushing Weight, Effort, Javelin, Deflecting Maneuver, 
sap your strength and beat you into Vile Assault, Deadly Shot, Violent Regroup
submission. That terrible creatures lurked Inheritance, Precision Aim, Bloodletting, 
in the mountains, waiting to fall upon Sustained Momentum Blinkblade: Blurry Jab, Twin Strike, 
unsuspecting travelers in a bloody frenzy. Sap Speed, Power Leak, Drive Recharge, 
You wouldn’t have expected, however, that Boneshaper: Eternal Torment, Transfer Hit and Run, Temporal Displacement
the most mundane of threats may end up of Essence, Command the Wretched, 
being the most dangerous. Flow of the Black River, Decaying Will, Geminate: Icebound Quills, Draining 

Fell Remedy, Malicious Conversion, Life Pincers, Hornet Stingers, Changling’s 
Wolves. in Death, Returned Servant Boon, Drag Down, Selfless Offering, Into 

My Embrace, Firefly Swarm, Mind Spike, 
The howling started last night – signals  Harvest the Essence
to the pack that prey was near. And now 
they have gathered, stalking you as you 
move through the mountains, looking for Section Links Map Layout
weaknesses. For a more in-depth guide on how to 

play each class, read 197.1.
This is no time to be passive. You know 16-A 13-C
it’s only a matter of time before they When door 1 is opened, read 2.1.
strike, going after the slowest, oldest 
members of your caravan. If you want 
everyone to survive, you’ll need to show 13-A
these animals that you are not to be 
messed with. That you are not prey.

1
Scenario Key Loot

  x8 
Hound Snowdrift 6   x2 

  x2
Snow Door 1 Snow Rock 4   x2 
Large Snow 

Corridor 4 Stalagmites 4

Snow Corridor 3 Treasure 1

Damage Trap 3

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
3



1 • FR A Town in Flames
  Frosthaven

Scenario Goals Great petals of fire burst from windows Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all and crawl over roofs. People stream from All City Guards are allies to you and 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of the town’s ruined gate, their faces bent in enemies to all other monster types. 
that round, read 9.1. panic. A moment later, you see the object City Guards do not perform turns but 

of their terror: a massive creature with instead gain an additional innate  1 
two legs and two hulking arms covered (for a total of  2 at level 1) and  2, 

Introduction entirely in thick white fur, three gnarled and have an initiative of 50 for the 
The sounds greet you first: muffled horns crowning its head. purpose of focusing.
metallic pangs, a voice howling. It’s 
difficult to make anything out with the “Algox raiders! We’re doomed!” cries 
wind rushing past your ears, but you’d an elderly porter beside you. “They’re Section Links
know that tune anywhere: there’s a fight stronger than anything else alive. We’ve When door 1 is opened, read 5.3.
up ahead. come all this way for nothing!” As if to 

prove the point, the Algox you’ve been 
But a fight means people, and if there are watching catches a fleeing outposter with Map Layout
people, then the town must be close. You one hand and hurls him backward as if he 
hear more: a scream; the crash of steel weighed nothing.
against stone; a deep, earthy growl.

Ten days you’ve been hiking. Ten days 
You’re running now. Your legs are wasted and this is what you find. You breathe out 09-A 13-A 13-C
from the hike, your shoulders ache from a thick plume of foggy air and hoist your 
your gear, but the sounds are close now weapon high. Time to get to work.
and up ahead you see gauzy orange light 
blooming in the air. With one last push, you 
round the final bend in the trail and you see 
it—Frosthaven—engulfed in flame.

Scenario Key Loot

  x6
Algox Archer Snow Corridor 3   x5 

  x3 
Algox Guard Log 1   x3 

  x1 
Algox Priest Rubble 6

  x2 

City Guard Debris 2

Snow Door 1 Large Debris 2

Large Snow 1
Corridor 4

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
4



2 • K8 Algox Scouting
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all When door 1 is opened, read 27.1.   x4
enemies in it are dead and ice sheet A Algox Archer
has been destroyed. At the end of that   x4 
round, read 77.3. Map Layout   x4 

Algox Guard
  x4 

11-A
Introduction   x2 

Algox Priest
“They’ll be tired from the raid, so this 11-C   x1 
is your moment.” Satha had explained,   x1 
pointing you toward the foothills of the Algox Scout
Copperneck Mountains where her scout 
tracked the Algox attackers. “I doubt 14-B

Snow Door
you’ll be able to fight them all on your 2
own, but maybe you can find another 
way to subdue them if you get close. On Snow Rock 4
the other hand, they’ll be worn out after 
this little battle, so feel free to test your 
luck. Just remember, even a tired Algox is Large Ice 1
strong enough to rip someone in two.”

Treasure
You head to the area indicated by the 1
scout, following the Algox’s trail toward 
a wicked-looking mountain. As you draw 
nearer you see that the trail splits: the 
main force returned to the near side of the 
mountain, but a smaller group peeled off 
to hike around to the eastern face.  
The scout told you he suspected there was 
a back door to the Algox settlement, and 
you follow the smaller group’s trail hoping 
he was right.

The path narrows as you approach the 
steep eastern face, winding up to an 1
overlook high above. Peering upward, you 
make out the faintest glimmer of light, but 
then a shape blots it out. A body, large and 
white, tumbles over the rocky ledge like 
a boulder, slamming against the jutting 
rocks. A dead Algox brawler, just like 
the ones who attacked Frosthaven, lies 
at your feet. Judging by its injuries, the 
rocks weren’t its only problem—there’s a 
fight up above. You scramble toward the 
top, hoping to make it before the battle is 
through. When you’re halfway up, another 
furry shape appears over the ledge.

“More intruders,” she scoffs. “You will 
never open the Skyhall. This place belongs 
to the Ice!” Your shock at the fact that an 
Algox just spoke your tongue is quelled as 
the speaker lifts a huge boulder and hurls 
it down at you. Time to move.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
5



3 • L7 Algox Offensive
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals Special Rules Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all All Algox Priests and Hounds are allies   x4
characters have escaped. At the end of to each other and enemies to all other Algox Archer
that round, read 8.3. figures. Likewise, all Algox Guards   x4 

and Algox Archers are allies to each   x4 
other and enemies to all other figures. Algox Guard

Introduction   x4 
Use the  attack modifier deck for the 

“They’ll be tired from the raid, so this Algox Priests and Hounds, though they   x2
Algox Priest

is your moment.” Satha had explained, are still considered enemies to you.   x1 
pointing you toward the foothills of the   x1 
Copperneck Mountains where her scout If any character becomes exhausted, Hound
tracked the Algox attackers. “I doubt the scenario is lost.
you’ll be able to fight them all on your Cave Door
own, but maybe you can find another 2
way to subdue them if you get close. On Section Links
the other hand, they’ll be worn out after When door 1 is opened, read 30.2. Large Snow 

Corridor 4
this little battle, so feel free to test your 
luck. Just remember, even a tired Algox is 
strong enough to rip someone in two.” Map Layout Snow Corridor 3

After hours of tracking, you find yourself 02-J Stalagmites
before a cave, a wide black stain on an 3
otherwise pristine mountainside, a crowd of 04-A

Algox moving around in front of it. Getting Treasure 1
a bit closer, you realize there are two 
different groups of Algox gathered at the 13-A 13-C
cave mouth, and they seem to be fighting.

The defenders look like the Algox who 
attacked Frosthaven: huge figures with 
fur-covered muscle and vicious strength. 
They’re throwing punches that could 
flatten a longhouse (you’ve seen it 
happen), but you can tell their strength is 1
flagging against their assailants.

The attackers, on the other hand, wear 18
leather robes and move their clawed hands 
in intricate patterns. Covered in the same 
white fur as the defenders, they stand their 
ground outside the cave, guarded by wild 
beasts as they hurl magical storms of snow.

You creep in close and the battle begins 
to shift. A flank has thinned out on one 
side and you can see a path into the cave 
ahead. It won’t be easy to break through 
the fighting, but if you want to see what 
the defenders are guarding without getting 
your hands dirty, this is the best chance 
you’re going to get.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
6



4 • M8 Heart of Ice 
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals weapons ready, the chieftain tilts his head Special Rules
The scenario is complete when only up and releases a howl so loud and terrible Do not set up or connect tile 11-B.
one boss is dead and characters and that it cools the blood in your veins.
character summons have collectively Door 1 is locked and will unlock 
dealt damage to that boss equal to at Another terrifying howl tears through the when all revealed enemies are dead.
least half its maximum hit point value air in response, and from the other side 
(rounded up). At the end of that round, of the chamber a blistering bolt of blue All Algox Scouts are allies to each 
if the Snowdancer is dead, read 15.2; energy shoots out and crashes against the other and enemies to all other figures. 
if the Frozen Fist is dead, read 22.1. wall next to you. It’s the Snowspeaker Likewise, all Algox Guards are allies 

chieftain, standing almost a head taller to each other and enemies to all other 
than even your enormous companion, and figures. Use the  attack modifier 

Scenario Effects she’s wielding the snow itself as a weapon. deck for the Algox Scouts, though 
Each character adds two  cards to they are still considered enemies to 
their attack modifier deck. The two chiefs charge and crash near the you. 

center of the room, blasting open a gap in 
the battle. Both are clearly more skilled Instead of using standees for the 

If Algox Offensive 3  is complete, read than the other fighters, and each moves bosses, use the miniatures in tuck 
Introduction A and use the starting with a surety gained from authority. boxes  (Frozen Fist) and  
map below. If Algox Scouting 2  is Thunder cracks around the Snowspeaker,  (Snowdancer).
complete, read Introduction B and use and the Icespeaker bludgeons the air and 
the starting map on the next page. ground with brutal strikes. Section Links

But then the sea of Algox condenses back When door 1 is opened, read 75.1.
Introduction A around you, all of them looking angry and 

The battle is near. Sounds of it echo off the suspicious. If you want to get to the main, 
tunnel’s icy walls: metal crashing against fight, you’ll have to fight your way through Map Layout
stone, thunder ripping the air, the chest- these combatants first.
shaking howls of Algox. Your breath is 11-B
heavy as you follow your guide. Closer. 
Closer. And then you arrive.

16-B 15-A
The central chamber opens like a cavernous 
maw, ice and blood and bodies writhing in 
battle. In the center of the room hangs an 
enormous shard of pearlescent ice, and for 
a moment, you simply stare at it. The shard – Continued on next page.
rotates slowly in the air, held aloft by some 
otherworldly means. Clearly, a great power 
does reign here.

But the middle of battle is no time to stand 
around. The Algox around you are locked 
in bitter combat, spells shooting out with 
terrible quickness and heavy fists swinging.

Your Algox companion shakes off his 1
injuries and steps forward. From the 
cheers that rise from the combatants when 
he enters the room, you gather he must 
be some sort of leader to the Icespeakers. 
He concentrates and a thick whorl of 
ice collects on his fists, solidifying into 
jagged, brutal-looking gauntlets. His 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
7



4 CONT. • Heart of Ice 

Introduction B Scenario Key Loot
The battle is near. Sounds of it echo off the   x6
tunnel’s icy walls: metal crashing against Frozen Fist Cave Door 1
stone, thunder ripping the air, the chest-   x3 
shaking howls of Algox. Your breath is   x5 
heavy as you follow your guide. Closer. Snowdancer Ice Pillar 3

  x2
Closer. And then you arrive.

  x1 
Algox Archer Large Ice 

But the middle of battle is no time to Crystal 1
  x2

stand around. The Algox around you are   x1 
locked in bitter combat, spells shooting Algox Guard Treasure 1
out with terrible quickness and heavy fists 
swinging. Immediately before you stands Algox Scout
a final cluster of guards. Their faces twist 
in fury at the sight of your party, realizing 
from which direction you’ve just come.

“Doomed whelps,” they shout, “we will 
destroy you for this intrusion!”

Special Rules
Do not set up or connect tile 16-B.

Door 1 is locked and will unlock 
when all revealed enemies are dead. 1

Instead of using standees for the 
bosses, use the miniatures in tuck 
boxes  (Frozen Fist) and  

 (Snowdancer).

Section Links
When door 1 is opened, read 75.1.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
8



5 • I6 Frozen Crypt
  

Scenario Goals each others’ shoulders and not reach the Section Links
The scenario is complete when all top. Dirt walls rise up on every side, soft When door 1 is opened, read 7.2.
enemies in it are dead. At the end of loamy soil that will make the climb back 
that round, read 38.1. up difficult. As you stand there looking up 

at the white sky, a noise creeps into your Map Layout
ears. It’s a thin, wispy howl, like the wind 

Scenario Effects coming through the walls of a poorly-built 01-B
Each character suffers  2. house.

07-A
You turn and ethereal shapes emerge from 

Introduction the dark, cast in a blue whirling haze. 
The Whitefire Wood stands against They hover above the floor, their forms 13-E
the frozen waste like gray unflinching shaking in the gloom, and wherever they 
ramparts. The trees have grown tall and move a layer of frost grows thickly across 
wide, bunched densely together to create a the floor.
defensive line closer-knit than a phalanx 
of Valrath infantry. But this is where the They are coming closer now, and the air is 
Snowspeaker sent you, so there must be a getting cold.
way in.

The entrance, which you find only after 
an hour’s search, sits like a gate in the Scenario Key Loot
wood. Two enormous trees guard either   x6
side of a snow-packed trail, and just past Frozen Corpse Ice Pillar 6
the opening is a figure covered in white   x4 
fur, hunched over, eyes looking back—an   x3 
Algox. You lock eyes long enough to take Ice Wraith Altar 1   x1
half a breath, and then, he turns and runs 
deeper in.   x2

Cave Door 1 Treasure 1
  x2 

You give chase. The path is trod snow and 
rock—a road used often, which is just as Large Cave 

Corridor 1
well. You barrel down it, trees whipping 
past your periphery, your muscles 
recharged by the sight of your quarry. 
However, just as you’re certain you’ve got 
the Algox cornered, you turn a corner and 
find the huge Algox waiting for you. It’s 
hunched in the middle of the trail, facing 
you, but its fists are planted firmly in the 
snow, a smug grin cutting its face. Not 
good.

You charge forward, ready to leap, but 
before you can take two steps, the ground 
shakes violently. Large fissures erupt 
in the earth. The trees buck. And like 
summer-thinned ice, the ground beneath 
you breaks away.

Thankfully the fall is short, and you land 1
without serious injury. You cough as the 
dust settles, and find yourself in an open 
pit deep enough for four Algox to stand on 

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
9



6 • L8 Avalanche
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals When the avalanche stops, you blink in Section Links
The scenario is complete when all darkness. You’ve been entombed in snow, When door 1 is opened, read 12.2.
characters have escaped. At the end of and already the air is drawing thin. You 
that round, read 65.1. need to find a way out, and you need to 

find it fast. Map Layout

Scenario Effects
Each character gains . Special Rules 13-A 02-E 02-G 07-B

Each snowdrift and snow rock in the 
scenario has L+C hit points. They 

Introduction are enemies to you and allies to all 
You stand at the end of an Algox tunnel. monsters. At the end of each round, 
Behind you stretches a winding maze of each character adjacent to at least 
ice and rock, a long series of passages one snowdrift or snow rock suffers 
painstakingly carved through the hazardous terrain damage.
interior of Snowscorn Mountain. Before 
you, a narrow trail hangs over a cliff If any character becomes exhausted, 
face, leading perilously up toward the the scenario is lost.
mountain’s peak. A blistering storm of 
snow and wind howls past the mouth of 
the tunnel like a demon chorus.

Scenario Key Loot
“Follow the trail beyond the tunnel,” the   x9 
Icespeaker chief had told you, “Then curve Frost Demon Snow Corridor 2
around to the highest peak. There you will   x4 
find the Snowspeaking wretches. Destroy   x1 
them, or Snowscorn is lost.” You had Snow Imp Snowdrift 6

  x1 
nodded your understanding, but you now 
realize that scaling a mountain is much   x2 

Snow Door 2 Snow Rock 2
easier for the Algox. As it is, you’re barely   x1 
equipped to avoid hypothermia, much less 

Large Snow   x2 
hike over slippery rock through a blizzard. Corridor 2
But there’s no way around it: Frosthaven’s 
safety hangs in the balance.

It takes several hours of grueling hiking, 
but eventually the peak emerges. Its rare 
streaks of gray stone are half-hidden by 
a blustery cloak of soft, blown powder. 1
You shield your eyes and squint into the 
whiteness, but it seems that, bizarrely, the 
peak is growing—its whiteness bulges 
outward, undulating, swallowing the 
exposed gray stone. It’s getting closer, 
like a wave—a wave of snow. Like an 
avalanche.

You turn and run, and the air shakes. 
Legs pump, arms flail. You move, but it’s 
not enough. Your legs are too slow and 
the path too steep. You turn to see how 
much time is left, and a blur of whiteness 
envelops you. The mountain roars, and 
you are consumed by the noise.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
10



7 • K3 Edge of the World
  

Scenario Goals Section Links Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when the When door 1 is opened, read 42.1   x6
Coral Corpse is dead. At the end of Frozen Corpse
that round, read 3.3.   x3 

Map Layout
Lurker   x3 

Clawcrusher
Scenario Effects   x3 

02-G
Each character adds one  card to Lurker   x1 
their attack modifier deck. 04-A Mindsnipper   x2 

06-A Lurker Soldier
Introduction

11-B
Following up on Satha’s “crab problem,” Cave Door
you find yourself standing at the edge of 2
the Biting Sea, an ice-choked gauntlet 
whose frigid waters have granted a Large Snow 

Corridor 1
swift death to many an overconfident 
mariner. You hike west, hugging the coast  and  
while hunting for signs of the enormous Trap 5
crustaceans. Frosthaven is visible in the 
southern distance, little more than a vague Ice Pillar
outline. Seeing it, you feel isolated, like 3
someone looking back from the very edge 
of the world. Treasure 1

Another half hour of diligent tracking 
later, you happen upon your first clue: 
a pattern of pockmarks have been 
hammered into the ground near the foot of 
a hill, indents in the snow and dirt where 
the creatures have scuttled by. You follow 
the trail to a cave on the western side of 
the cliff, where you find a clutch of giant 
crablike figures chittering restlessly.

They’re as large as you’ve heard from 
stories: tall, hard-shelled beings with long, 
craggy limbs, and as soon as you appear, 
they rise to their full height, some of them 
larger than an Algox. They shriek and 
move quickly toward you, their pincers 
snapping.

1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
11



8 • G8 Crystal Trench
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Special Rules Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when all Characters cannot escape until all   x6 
characters have escaped. At the end of Polar Bears in the scenario are dead. Hound
that round, read 54.4.   x5 

If any character becomes exhausted,   x5 
the scenario is lost. Polar Bear

Scenario Effects   x1 
Each character adds one  card to   x1 
their attack modifier deck. Section Links Snow Imp

  x1 
When door 1 is opened, read 21.1.

Snow Door 2
Introduction

You travel east from Frosthaven, passing Map Layout
Snow Rock

over the frozen wastes and into the 2
Whitefire Wood, hoping to sort out the 

02-E
mystery of the wandering mechanical 
beings reported by Satha’s scouts. You’ve 
heard of such contraptions before, but no 
one in the north seems capable of building 07-B
such things. There’s no place for delicate 
machinery up here, not where the air peels 
your heat away and frost can lock your 
weapon tight in its scabbard. Surely, the 11-A
scouts must have been mistaken.

But machines aside, there are other sorts 
of creatures that do thrive in this climate, 
and one of them just dashed across your 
trail—wild hounds. You’ve been so 1
occupied by your thoughts that you didn’t 
notice them until just now, and there’s 
movement all around you. An entire pack 
is stalking you, and now they’re closing 
in like a vice. Your position is terrible. It’s 
too narrow in this forest for a close fight, 
and there is hardly enough light to see by. 
You need to get out of here, so you run.

The trail is thick with roots and stones and 
fallen trees. Still, you run, and the wolves 
give chase, much more adept at moving 
through these woods than your group. 
Their shadows flicker between the thick 
brush, and their snarls are close.

Suddenly, there’s daylight. You break out 
of the forest and into the open, the trees 
giving way to ice and snow. However, this 
escape wasn’t quite what you’d hoped for. 
On either side of you stand great walls of 
ice and rock, and behind you, the pack of 
beasts. It’s an alley—a perfect place to 
funnel prey—and you just ran right into it.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
12



9 • J6 Glowing Catacombs
  

Scenario Goals Section Links
The scenario is complete when all When door 1 is opened, read 78.2.
enemies in it are dead and both 
switches A have been activated. At 
the end of that round, read 93.4. Map Layout

Introduction 12-B

It’s always strange, traveling deep 08-B

underground, but it’s made even stranger 
by the musty smell of undead that clings 
to you like grease smoke. You try to ignore 
it, to put the stench out of your mind, but 16-C 11-B
it only seems to grow as you move deeper 
into the catacombs. Along with the stench, 
the eerie green light has grown in intensity 
as well. It gleams down every hall now, 
and you find yourself relaxing in its glow. 
You shake your head and try to clear the 
thought, knowing full well this is not the 
place to let your guard down, but still, the Scenario Key
insidious soothing feeling persists.

Ice Wraith Cave Door 4 Debris 4
The catacomb tunnels grow deeper. The 
floor and walls turn to uneven stone and 
the air becomes stale, the long years Living Doom Large Cave 

Corridor 1 Ice Pillar 3
having petrified it into a thick fume.

Living Spirit   Trap 3 Sarcophagus 4
You stop. Something moved just ahead. 
You raise a torch and see flickers of 
shadow shift in the passage. A body, large Ooze Altar 1 Treasure 1
and wispy black, detaches from the wall 
and moves to block the path forward. It 
is made of shadow and corroded black 
armor, its face guarded by a jagged helm, 
and it has seen you. It rises slowly, its Loot
eyes burning with palpable menace, and   x8 
releases a deep, hateful groan.

  x5 
  x3 
  x1 
  x2 
  x1 1

09

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
13



10 • F6 Crystal Enclosure
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals They arrange themselves between you and Special Rules
The scenario is complete when all the crystalline spikes. The Icespeakers Each ice pillar has (2+L)xC/2 hit 
monsters in it are dead. At the end of seem to draw energy from the “conduits,” points (rounded down). They are 
that round, read 42.4. as they call them, increasing the defenders’ enemies to you and allies to all 

strength and ferocity. You came prepared monsters. Each monster in the 
to fight Algox, but you didn’t expect them scenario gains X, where X is the 

Scenario Effects to have magical backup. You realize you number of ice pillars within  4 of it.
Each character discards one card. could try destroying those conduits; it 

would be tough, but it might remove your All doors 1 are locked and will 
enemies’ advantage. Whatever you do, you unlock when all revealed monsters are 

Introduction have to do it soon, before the tide of this dead.
With a sturdy sled now under foot, and a battle turns against you.
team of dogs at the fore, you cut through 
the tundra with ease. You watch the Section Links
distance for signs of your target—the When any door 1 is opened, read  
Icespeakers expelled from Snowscorn—as 65.3.
you go, squinting through the wind. For a 
long time, there is nothing. Small eddies 
kick up here and there, whorls of white Scenario Key Loot Map Layout
crystalline powder that rise and drift about   x8 
in the wind, like flickering white shadows. Algox Guard
It’s not until after several hours of steady   x4 

13-A 16-A
travel that a new sight appears. Crystal   x3 
spikes, hundreds of them, materialize on Algox Priest

  x2 
the horizon like a field of icy quills shot up 
from the snow, and even from a distance, Algox   x2 
you can tell they are huge. Many stand Icespeaker   x1 
as tall as a full-grown pine tree, but they 
are far from natural. A number of Algox Snow Door 3
gather around them, their hulking bodies 
unmistakable in this place, and you watch 

Ice Pillar
as the group performs a bizarre ceremony. 5
Ten of them encircle a large empty spot in 
the snow, and raise their open palms to the Treasure 1
air. They pray, though you cannot hear the 1
words, and then, after a moment, a brand 
new spike suddenly shoots from ground 
before them, an immense crystalline pillar 
conjured from the earth in an instant. 1
Unfortunately, there’s no way to be 
stealthy on a sled. As you draw closer, 
you’re met by a line of tall, well-prepared 
Icespeaker guards. 1
“Intruders!” One of them shouts, “Protect 
the conduits!”

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
14



11 • M6 Snowscorn Peak
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals Boss Special 1 Scenario Key Loot
The scenario is complete when the The Algox Stormcaller performs:   x6 
Algox Stormcaller is dead. At the end -1,  C,  5,  2 Algox 

Stormcaller
of that round, read 47.2. Then it summons one Wind Demon. It   x4 

is normal for two or three characters,   x3 
or elite for four characters. Frost Demon

Scenario Effects   x3 
Each character discards one card.   x2 

Boss Special 2 Wind Demon
  x1 

The Algox Stormcaller creates one 
Introduction   x1 

1-hex hazardous terrain tile in the Large Snow 
Corridor 2

The wind never stops. It buffets you, a empty hex closest to the closest enemy. 
constant presence stealing your heat and Then all enemies occupying or adjacent Ice Spikes
fogging your mind, reducing your hands to at least one hex with a hazardous 10
to frozen claws. But you cannot stop terrain tile suffer hazardous terrain 
either. You carve a route toward the peak damage. Then it summons one Frost Large Ice 

Crystal 1
one piton at a time, hoping to reach the Demon. It is normal for two characters, 
Snowspeakers hiding there before they or elite for three or four characters.
cause any permanent damage. Snow Rock 4

Your limbs burning in protest, you jam Map Layout  Large  
your hands and feet over and over into Snow Rock 2
jagged crevices. Just when you think you 
might have to give up, you reach for one Treasure 1
final grip and feel snow instead—the 11-A 15-A

summit.

Pulling yourselves over the ledge, 
you discover an island hidden in the 
stratosphere: a secret frozen plateau. 
The mountaintop rises steeply to a peak, 
and only a short distance away stands 
your welcoming party. It consists of 
one ancient, steel-eyed Algox and two 
detachments of demons, their teeth bared 
in the frigid wind.

“Our preparations are nearly complete, 
interlopers,” the elder Algox says, an 
indulgent smile crisscrossing her face. 
“This mountain will fall, and when it does, 
the dirt-worshiping cult of Icespeakers 
will be crushed.”

The elder raises her hands and a great 
vortex of snow swirls around her. The rock 
beneath you begins to shake. The air hums 
with menace.

“I will use this mountain’s own energy 
against it! Death comes—”

You let loose a cry and rush in. The time 
for speeches is over.

71
2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.

15



12 • K8 Temple Entrance
  Copperneck Mountains

Scenario Goals Section Links
The scenario is complete when all When door 1 is opened, read 34.1.
enemies in it are dead. At the end of 
that round, read 23.2.

Map Layout

Introduction
Approaching the ruins on the mountain 
slope, you discover a copse of carved 16-C 11-E 15-C
stone—vestiges of some forgotten past. 
A number of broken, time-battered 
pillars stand on the mountain slope, and 
following them, you arrive at a pair of 
large stone doors. On them, you make 
out an expansive mural, still quite clear 
despite however many years it’s been Scenario Key
buried. It depicts a history. First a village, 
small and wooded; then, a vast city with Ancient Large Dungeon 

Artillery Corridor 2 Barricade 6
tall buildings and wide roads; and last, 
there is only flame and ruin. Above these 
three depictions there is another set of Night Demon  Trap 6 Debris 4
carvings: that of man aging in reverse. 
First, an old man above the town as it’s Steel 
being built, then an adult as the settlement Automaton Rubble 3 Treasure 1

flourishes, then finally a baby, cooing on 
its back above the flaming ruins. Dungeon Door 1

Your curiosity is too much to resist. You 
push on the doors, and, with grinding 
stone and cracking rust, they give in. It’s 
clear that this place, though well preserved Loot
under the snow and rock, is still ancient   x8 
enough to have felt the passage of time. 
Corroded columns and scraps of metal   x4 
litter the floor like an ancient junk pile.   x4 
But sometimes treasure can lie hidden in   x1 
unlikely places.

  x2 
You get as far as the steps, far enough for   x1 1
the coldness of this ruin to seep into your 
skin, and then the ground stirs. Those 
scraps of metal you took for junk lurch 
upward, filled suddenly with life, and a 
slew of dented iron barrels turn toward 
you—ancient automatons. They don’t seem 
like much of a threat, these ruined things, 
but there are a lot of them, and there’s no 
knowing how deep this passage goes.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
16



13 • O2 Frozen Fjord
  

Scenario Goals “Turn back,” they shriek. “Turn back, or Section Links
The scenario is complete when all your corpses will be carrion for my brood.” The first time either door 1 is 
enemies in it are dead. At the end of opened, read 44.1. 
that round, read 96.1. When door 2 is opened, read 38.2. 

Special Rules When door 3 is opened, read 12.6. 
No more than half the characters 

Introduction (rounded up) can start the scenario in 
Not wishing to brave the harsh, the same room. Map Layout
unforgiving waters of the sea, you opt to 
hike along the coast instead. You trace it The scenario itself has (2+L)x2xC hit 02-E
for several long hours, eventually arriving points. Track these next to the map. 
at a series of immense fissures that cut deep All monsters find focus and move as 
through the ice cliffs—fjords, blocking the normal, but whenever any monster 07-B 07-D

way forward. Looking over the side, you does not have a primary target for 06-A
can see the sea thrashing far, far below. one of their attack abilities, it instead 01-A 01-C 01-E 01-G

attacks the scenario (once per attack 
Staring into the distance, you spot a line ability). If the scenario’s hit point value 
of white jutting across the gap—a bridge. ever reaches 0, the scenario is lost.
You head for it and discover a series of 
glittering limbs branching over the fjords. 
At first they look to be made of ice: long, 
pale shapes that arch over the fissures Scenario Key
and connect on the other side, but as you 
move closer, you realize they are made of Shrike Fiend Snow Door 4 Rubble 6
bone—the ribs of a gargantuan creature 
that fell here long ago.

Snow Imp Large Snow 
Corridor 3 Treasure 1

The sea writhes below as you cross—huge, 
ice-clogged waves crashing against the Wind Demon Snow Corridor 2
cliffs. You spare only a glance, but the 
sheer distance of the fall makes your knees 
rubbery. When you look back up, you 
realize that you are not alone on this bridge. Loot
Several dozen feet ahead, at the apex of   x7 
the rib, stands a tall man covered in a 
cloud of black, thrashing wings.   x5 

  x3 1
“You have left your safety far behind,   x2 
mortal,” he says, not with a human voice, 
but with the collective shrieks and caws of   x1 
his many birds. “This place is not meant   x1 
for your kind.”   x1 
There is no time to digest the warning. 
In a flash, the cloud of raptors fly at you, 
spanning the distance and snatching at 
you with razor talons. You manage to keep 
your footing, but a few of the birds have 
landed on the bridge ahead and are pecking 
at it feverishly. Their beaks are hard, and 
surprisingly large chunks of ice and bone 1
break off and fall into the ocean below.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
17



14 • L2 Jagged Shoals  

  Biting Sea

Scenario Goals to wade toward where the shard directs. can feel, rather than see, that another shard 
The scenario is complete when seven Suddenly a shape dashes in your peripheral of coral is stuck deep within. It will take 
damage tokens are on snow rock A. At vision—something coming from the water. some time to pry out… longer than you 
the end of that round, read 4.1. have. The amphibious predators have caught 

Fish creatures, squat things with four up, and now they close in, teeth bared.
legs and vicious teeth, crawl from the 

Introduction ocean with hunger in their eyes. But your 
Out on the water, the shard’s pull is attention is drawn elsewhere as the shard Map Layout
stronger than ever. You let your mind draws you forward. Its pull is incredible.
ease and allow the shard to guide the 
way, steering your small crew farther and You run, leaping over crags until you find 13-A 16-A
farther out to sea. It isn’t until just before a small flooded hole surrounded by jagged 
sundown that you spot your destination: a stones. Peering into the murky water, you 
sparse group of rocky crags jutting out of 
the surf. The shard hums in excitement—
you’re close. Special Rules

At the end of the round, if there is at At the start of each listed round, spawn 
The deck lurches as salt sprays over the least one character adjacent to snow  the following monsters at each listed 
deck, but the hull is sturdy and handles rock A, place one damage token on it. location based on character count:
the chop with ease. You anchor near the 
smallest of the rocks and then disembark Round Two Characters Three Characters Four Characters

Odd B: One normal B: One elite B: One elite 
Loot Piranha Pig Piranha Pig Piranha Pig 

Scenario Key C: Two normal C: Two normal C: Two elite 
  x7 Lightning Eels Lightning Eels Lightning Eels

Abael Herder
  x4 Even D: One normal D: One normal D: One elite 
  x2 Piranha Pig Piranha Pig Piranha Pig 

Lightning Eel
  x5 E: Two normal E: Two elite E: Two elite 

Lightning Eels Lightning Eels Lightning Eels
  x2 

Piranha pig

Large Snow 
Corridor 2

Snow Corridor 2 D C

Huge Water 2

Large Water 4
A E

Water 10

 Large Snow 
Rock 4

Snow Rock 2 B
64

Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
18



15 • D7 Ancient Spire
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals what they’re carrying, and the sight of it of metal boxes and catches sight of you, 
The scenario is complete when the cools your blood. Body parts—arms and releasing a high, visceral screech.
Chaos Lieutenant is dead. At the end legs and torsos, cut from all manner of 
of that round, read 70.3. animals, but you notice some Algox parts “Mortal scum,” it yells. “You dare intrude 

as well—are being carried about as if they here with your filthy blood? I will take 
were coal in a furnace room. The scale of pleasure in using your limbs to complete 

Introduction the slaughter is staggering as you consider the cycle!”
The iron spire towers over the barren the number of automatons scurrying 
wastes, riveted metal covered in a thick through the chamber, carrying their loads The demon rakes a hand over a nearby 
lens of ice. The thing stands taller than down a stairwell on the other side. panel of lights and, responding as one, 
even the Great Sanctuary back in White the entire horde of automatons all cease 
Oak, cutting through the daylight and Just then a ghastly looking creature made moving. Their gruesome cargo drops to 
casting a long, foreboding shadow onto the of swirling prismatic smoke and a hard, the floor and then, slowly, they advance 
snowy plain like some nefarious sundial. gnarled shell moves out from behind a row toward you.

The opening mechanism on the black iron 
door is wholly foreign, but with a good Special Rules
deal of tinkering and prying, you finally The Chaos Demon is the Chaos actual range or line-of-sight. In addition, 
manage to force it open and are greeted Lieutenant. It is immune to  and .  all hexes on tile 15-D are considered the 
by a sudden blast of arid heat. Inside is a At the end of each round, in addition same distance away from tiles 1-B and 
wide, echoing chamber filled with cogs to its normal turn in initiative order, it 6-B for the purpose of focusing with 
and pistons and dozens of scampering performs  X, self, where X is (RxL)/2 ranged attacks.
mechanical creatures. The creatures pay (rounded down), and R is the number of 
you no attention at all, and instead hurry Ruined Machines currently on the map. Any character can spend 2 movement 
about, carrying armfuls of debris down a points to move from any hex A to B, 
single immense hallway. At the start of each even round, spawn but they cannot move from B to either 

C-1 normal Ruined Machines at C. A. When any character enters tile 1-B, 
Meeting no resistance, you make your way 2-H, or 6-B, all characters can no longer 
inside the tower and travel down the main All hexes on tile 15-D are treated as in teleport from tile 15-D to any other tile 
hallway until it empties into a wide circular range of any ranged abilities performed or move from A to B.
room, where an enormous beam of sanguine on tiles 1-B and 6-B, regardless of the 
energy crackles and hums, shooting up 
from the chamber’s floor and piercing the 
ceiling. It’s as if a small sun was harnessed Map Layout
and imprisoned inside this tower.

01-B

This main chamber is filled with even 06-B
more mechanical creatures. They still 

15-D
pay you no attention, but as some of them 02-H

pass by, you manage to get a closer look at 

– Continued on next page.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
19



15 CONT. • Ancient Spire

Scenario Key Loot

  x8 
Chaos Demon

  x4 
Robotic   x5 

Boltshooter B   x2 
Ruined   x1 

Machine   x1 
Large Metal A A   x1 

Corridor 1

Metal Corridor 2
C

Rubble 3 40

Control 
Console 1

Metal Cabinet 4

Treasure 1

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
20



16 • F10 Derelict Elevator
  Crystal Fields

Scenario Goals Special Rules Map Layout
The scenario is complete when at least Tile 1-B is a fixed platform that tile 
twelve rounds have passed and all 15-D is descending past. Place two 01-B
enemies are dead. At the end of that damage tokens to the right of tile 1-B 
round, read 48.2. to indicate it is currently two floors 

below tile 15-D. At the end of each 15-D

round, tile 15-D descends one floor, 
Introduction meaning you remove one damage 

Tall, evil-looking spires are one thing, token from the right of tile 1-B, or, if 01-D

but you’re more curious about the squat there are none there, place one to its 
structure that sits all alone in this forest left to indicate the number of floors it 
of icy obelisks. The structure has been is then above tile 15-D. If, at the end 
coated, like everything else in this part of of any round, a third damage token Scenario Key Loot
the world, in a thick, rock-hard layer of ice. would be placed to the left of tile 1-B,   x8 
Beneath that however, the walls appear the tile is then removed from the map.  Ancient 

Artillery
to be made of some kind of dark metal, Any character on it suffers trap   x4 
though there’s no way to be certain without damage and is placed in the closest Flaming   x5 
breaking through. So, not having any empty hex on tile 15-D. All other Bladespinner   x2 
better option, you get to work on the door. figures on it die.

Ruined   x1 
Your equipment takes a beating, but the The walls between the two tiles do not Machine

door takes one worse, and its icy seal block line-of-sight and can be moved 
finally pops open, revealing a huge, through, though figures cannot end Debris 5
lightless chamber. Inside, long rows of their movement on them. 
bizarre, ruined machines stand amid 

Treasure
heaps of soot and broken glass. Moving 1
further, you discover a suspended platform Section Links
hanging in the center of the chamber. It’s At the start of the second round, read 
an elevator: a circular metal disk, waiting 90.3.
above a deep, not-at-all-ominous shaft, 
and next to it you find a panel lined with 
long-unused buttons and levers.

You press a couple of the buttons, 
expecting no response, but to your 
surprise, a string of strange yellow 
lamps illuminate the shaft below and the 
platform shudders. You don’t want to miss 
a free ride, so you jump aboard just as the H D G
metal disk starts to descend.

A E
You feel good, all things considered. You’ve 
conquered this with your muscle and wit, 
and you take a moment to bask in your own 
ingenuity. The strangeness of this place 
was no match for you, and yet, somehow, C A
it keeps getting stranger. Strange, like how 
the lights in the shaft seem to all be turning B
red. And strange too, how an alarm seems 
to be howling from somewhere below. And C
far stranger still is the way several panels 
in the walls around you are opening up 
to reveal large, rather unpleasant-looking H F G
firearms that seem to be pointing directly at 
you. Very strange indeed.

2023 CEPHALOFAIR GAMES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USED WITH PERMISSION.
21